---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation ApplicationGuardContainerProxy"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/01/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Application Guard Container Proxy"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# ApplicationGuardContainerProxy

## Application Guard Container Proxy


## Supported versions

- On Windows since 84 or later

## Description

Configures the proxy settings for Microsoft Edge Application Guard.
If you enable this policy, Microsoft Edge Application Guard ignores other sources of proxy configurations.

If you don't configure this policy, Microsoft Edge Application Guard uses the proxy configuration of the host.

This policy does not affect the proxy configuration of Microsoft Edge outside of Application Guard (on the host).

The ProxyMode field lets you specify the proxy server used by Microsoft Edge Application Guard.

The ProxyPacUrl field is a URL to a proxy .pac file.

The ProxyServer field is a URL for the proxy server.

If you choose the 'direct' value as 'ProxyMode', all other fields are ignored.

If you choose the 'auto_detect' value as 'ProxyMode', all other fields are ignored.

If you choose the 'fixed_servers' value as 'ProxyMode', the 'ProxyServer' field is used.

If you choose the 'pac_script' value as 'ProxyMode', the 'ProxyPacUrl' field is used.

For more information about identifying Application Guard traffic via dual proxy, visit [https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2134653](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2134653).

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: No
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: No - Requires browser restart
- Per Profile: No
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: Yes

## Data type

- Dictionary

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: ApplicationGuardContainerProxy
- GP name: Application Guard Container Proxy
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge/Application Guard settings
- GP path (Recommended): N/A
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
{"ProxyMode": "direct", "ProxyPacUrl": "https://internal.site/example.pac", "ProxyServer": "123.123.123.123:8080"}
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge
- Path (Recommended): N/A
- Value name: ApplicationGuardContainerProxy
- Value type: REG_SZ

#### Example registry value

```
{"ProxyMode": "direct", "ProxyPacUrl": "https://internal.site/example.pac", "ProxyServer": "123.123.123.123:8080"}
```


#### Expanded example registry value

```
{
  "ProxyMode": "direct",
  "ProxyPacUrl": "https://internal.site/example.pac",
  "ProxyServer": "123.123.123.123:8080"
}
```

## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
