---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation AutoSelectCertificateForUrls"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/08/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Automatically select client certificates for these sites"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# AutoSelectCertificateForUrls

## Automatically select client certificates for these sites


## Supported versions

- On Windows and macOS since 77 or later

## Description

Setting the policy lets you make a list of URL patterns that specify sites for which Microsoft Edge can automatically select a client certificate. The value is an array of stringified JSON dictionaries, each with the form { "pattern": "$URL_PATTERN", "filter" : $FILTER }, where $URL_PATTERN is a content setting pattern. $FILTER restricts the client certificates the browser automatically selects from. Independent of the filter, only certificates that match the server's certificate request are selected.

Examples for the usage of the $FILTER section:

* When $FILTER is set to { "ISSUER": { "CN": "$ISSUER_CN" } }, only client certificates issued by a certificate with the CommonName $ISSUER_CN are selected.

* When $FILTER contains both the "ISSUER" and the "SUBJECT" sections, only client certificates that satisfy both conditions are selected.

* When $FILTER contains a "SUBJECT" section with the "O" value, a certificate needs at least one organization matching the specified value to be selected.

* When $FILTER contains a "SUBJECT" section with a "OU" value, a certificate needs at least one organizational unit matching the specified value to be selected.

* When $FILTER is set to {}, the selection of client certificates is not additionally restricted. Note that filters provided by the web server still apply.

If you leave the policy unset, there's no autoselection for any site.

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: No
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: Yes
- Per Profile: Yes
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: Yes

## Data type

- List of strings

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: AutoSelectCertificateForUrls
- GP name: Automatically select client certificates for these sites
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge/Content settings
- GP path (Recommended): N/A
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
{"pattern":"https://www.contoso.com","filter":{"ISSUER":{"CN":"certificate issuer name", "L": "certificate issuer location", "O": "certificate issuer org", "OU": "certificate issuer org unit"}, "SUBJECT":{"CN":"certificate subject name", "L": "certificate subject location", "O": "certificate subject org", "OU": "certificate subject org unit"}}}
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge\AutoSelectCertificateForUrls
- Path (Recommended): N/A
- Value name: 1, 2, 3, ...
- Value type: List of REG_SZ

#### Example registry value

SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge\AutoSelectCertificateForUrls\1 =
```
{"pattern":"https://www.contoso.com","filter":{"ISSUER":{"CN":"certificate issuer name", "L": "certificate issuer location", "O": "certificate issuer org", "OU": "certificate issuer org unit"}, "SUBJECT":{"CN":"certificate subject name", "L": "certificate subject location", "O": "certificate subject org", "OU": "certificate subject org unit"}}}
```




## Mac information and settings

- Preference Key name: AutoSelectCertificateForUrls
- Example value:

```xml
<array>
  <string>{"pattern":"https://www.contoso.com","filter":{"ISSUER":{"CN":"certificate issuer name", "L": "certificate issuer location", "O": "certificate issuer org", "OU": "certificate issuer org unit"}, "SUBJECT":{"CN":"certificate subject name", "L": "certificate subject location", "O": "certificate subject org", "OU": "certificate subject org unit"}}}</string>
</array>
```

## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
