---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation BackgroundTemplateListUpdatesEnabled"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/01/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Enables background updates to the list of available templates for Collections and other features that use templates (deprecated)"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# BackgroundTemplateListUpdatesEnabled

## Enables background updates to the list of available templates for Collections and other features that use templates (deprecated)
> DEPRECATED: This policy is deprecated. It is currently supported but will become obsolete in a future release.

## Supported versions

- On Windows and macOS since 79 or later

## Description

This policy is deprecated because we are moving to a new policy. It won't work in Microsoft Edge as soon as version 104. The new policy to use is [EdgeAssetDeliveryServiceEnabled](EdgeAssetDeliveryServiceEnabled.md).

Lets you enable or disable background updates to the list of available templates for Collections and other features that use templates.  Templates are used to extract rich metadata from a webpage when the page is saved to a collection.

If you enable this setting or the setting is unconfigured, the list of available templates will be downloaded in the background from a Microsoft service every 24 hours.

If you disable this setting the list of available templates will be downloaded on demand. This type of download might result in small performance penalties for Collections and other features.

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: No
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: Yes
- Per Profile: Yes
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: Yes

## Data type

- Boolean

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: BackgroundTemplateListUpdatesEnabled
- GP name: Enables background updates to the list of available templates for Collections and other features that use templates (deprecated)
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge
- GP path (Recommended): N/A
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
Enabled
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge
- Path (Recommended): N/A
- Value name: BackgroundTemplateListUpdatesEnabled
- Value type: REG_DWORD

#### Example registry value

```
0x00000001
```


## Mac information and settings

- Preference Key name: BackgroundTemplateListUpdatesEnabled
- Example value:

```xml
<true/>
```

## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
