---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation BeforeunloadEventCancelByPreventDefaultEnabled"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/01/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Control the behavior for the cancel dialog produced by the beforeunload event (obsolete)"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# BeforeunloadEventCancelByPreventDefaultEnabled

## Control the behavior for the cancel dialog produced by the beforeunload event (obsolete)
> OBSOLETE: This policy is obsolete and doesn't work after Microsoft Edge version 130.

## Supported versions

- On Windows and macOS since 118, until 130

## Description

This policy provides a temporary opt-out for two related fixes to the behavior of the confirmation dialog that’s shown by the beforeunload event.

When this policy is Enabled, the new (correct) behavior will be used.
When this policy is Disabled, the old (legacy) behavior will be used.
When this policy is left not set, the default behavior will be used.
Note: This policy is a temporary workaround and will be removed in a future release.

New and correct behavior: In `beforeunload`, calling `event.preventDefault()` will trigger the confirmation dialog. Setting `event.returnValue` to the empty string won’t trigger the confirmation dialog.

Old and legacy behavior: In `beforeunload`, calling `event.preventDefault()` won’t trigger the confirmation dialog. Setting `event.returnValue` to the empty string will trigger the confirmation dialog.

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: No
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: Yes
- Per Profile: Yes
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: No

## Data type

- Boolean

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: BeforeunloadEventCancelByPreventDefaultEnabled
- GP name: Control the behavior for the cancel dialog produced by the beforeunload event (obsolete)
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge
- GP path (Recommended): N/A
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
Enabled
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge
- Path (Recommended): N/A
- Value name: BeforeunloadEventCancelByPreventDefaultEnabled
- Value type: REG_DWORD

#### Example registry value

```
0x00000001
```


## Mac information and settings

- Preference Key name: BeforeunloadEventCancelByPreventDefaultEnabled
- Example value:

```xml
<true/>
```

## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
