---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation BrowserSignin"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/01/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Browser sign-in settings"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# BrowserSignin

## Browser sign-in settings


## Supported versions

- On Windows and macOS since 77 or later

## Description

Specify whether a user can sign into Microsoft Edge with their account and use account-related services like sync and single sign on. To control the availability of sync, use the [SyncDisabled](SyncDisabled.md) policy instead.

If you set this policy to 'Disable', make sure that you also set the [NonRemovableProfileEnabled](NonRemovableProfileEnabled.md) policy to disabled because [NonRemovableProfileEnabled](NonRemovableProfileEnabled.md) disables the creation of an automatically signed in browser profile. If both policies are set, Microsoft Edge will use the 'Disable browser sign-in' policy and behave as if [NonRemovableProfileEnabled](NonRemovableProfileEnabled.md) is set to disabled.

If you set this policy to 'Enable', users can sign into the browser. Signing into the browser doesn't mean that sync is turned on by default; the user must separately opt-in to use this feature.

If you set this policy to 'Force', users must sign into a profile to use the browser. By default, this will allow the user to choose whether they want to sync to their account, unless sync is disabled by the domain admin or with the [SyncDisabled](SyncDisabled.md) policy. The default value of [BrowserGuestModeEnabled](BrowserGuestModeEnabled.md) policy is set to false.

If you don't configure this policy users can decide if they want to enable the browser sign-in option and use it as they see fit.

Policy options mapping:

* Disable (0) = Disable browser sign-in

* Enable (1) = Enable browser sign-in

* Force (2) = Force users to sign-in to use the browser (all profiles)

Use the preceding information when configuring this policy.

## Policy options mapping:
> Use this information when configuring this policy.

- Disable (0) = Disable browser sign-in
- Enable (1) = Enable browser sign-in
- Force (2) = Force users to sign-in to use the browser (all profiles)

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: No
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: No - Requires browser restart
- Per Profile: No
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: Yes

## Data type

- Integer

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: BrowserSignin
- GP name: Browser sign-in settings
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge
- GP path (Recommended): N/A
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
Force users to sign-in to use the browser (all profiles)
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge
- Path (Recommended): N/A
- Value name: BrowserSignin
- Value type: REG_DWORD

#### Example registry value

```
0x00000002
```


## Mac information and settings

- Preference Key name: BrowserSignin
- Example value:

```xml
<integer>2</integer>
```

## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
