---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation BrowserCodeIntegritySetting"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/01/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Configure browser process code integrity guard setting"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# BrowserCodeIntegritySetting

## Configure browser process code integrity guard setting


## Supported versions

- On Windows since 104 or later

## Description

This policy controls the use of code integrity guard in the browser process, which only allows Microsoft signed binaries to load.

Setting this policy to Enabled will enable code integrity guard in the browser process.

Setting this policy to Disabled, or if the policy is not set, will prevent the browser from enabling code integrity guard in the browser process.

The policy value Audit (1) is obsolete as of version 110. Setting this value is equivalent to the Disabled value.

This policy is available only on Windows instances that are joined to a Microsoft Active Directory domain, or Windows 10 Pro or Enterprise instances that enrolled for device management.

This policy will only take effect on Windows 10 RS2 and above.

Policy options mapping:

* Disabled (0) = Do not enable code integrity guard in the browser process.

* Audit (1) = Enable code integrity guard audit mode in the browser process.

* Enabled (2) = Enable code integrity guard enforcement in the browser process.

Use the preceding information when configuring this policy.

## Policy options mapping:
> Use this information when configuring this policy.

- Disabled (0) = Do not enable code integrity guard in the browser process.
- Audit (1) = Enable code integrity guard audit mode in the browser process.
- Enabled (2) = Enable code integrity guard enforcement in the browser process.

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: No
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: No - Requires browser restart
- Per Profile: No
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: Yes

## Data type

- Integer

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: BrowserCodeIntegritySetting
- GP name: Configure browser process code integrity guard setting
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge
- GP path (Recommended): N/A
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
Do not enable code integrity guard in the browser process.
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge
- Path (Recommended): N/A
- Value name: BrowserCodeIntegritySetting
- Value type: REG_DWORD

#### Example registry value

```
0x00000000
```


## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
