---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation CECPQ2Enabled"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/01/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: CECPQ2 post-quantum key-agreement enabled for TLS (obsolete)"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# CECPQ2Enabled

## CECPQ2 post-quantum key-agreement enabled for TLS (obsolete)
> OBSOLETE: This policy is obsolete and doesn't work after Microsoft Edge version 113.

## Supported versions

- On Windows and macOS since 93, until 113

## Description

This policy was removed in Microsoft Edge 114 and is ignored if set. It served to disable CECPQ2, but CECPQ2 has been disabled by default. A separate policy will be introduced to control the rollout of the replacement of CECPQ2. That replacement will be a combination of the standard key-agreement X25519 with NIST's chosen post-quantum KEM, called "Kyber".

If this policy is not configured, or is set to enabled, then Microsoft Edge will follow the default rollout process for CECPQ2, a post-quantum key-agreement algorithm in TLS.

CECPQ2 results in larger TLS messages which, in very rare cases, can trigger bugs in some networking hardware. This policy can be set to False to disable CECPQ2 while networking issues are resolved.

This policy is a temporary measure and will be removed in future versions of Microsoft Edge.

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: No
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: Yes
- Per Profile: No
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: Yes

## Data type

- Boolean

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: CECPQ2Enabled
- GP name: CECPQ2 post-quantum key-agreement enabled for TLS (obsolete)
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge
- GP path (Recommended): N/A
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
Enabled
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge
- Path (Recommended): N/A
- Value name: CECPQ2Enabled
- Value type: REG_DWORD

#### Example registry value

```
0x00000001
```


## Mac information and settings

- Preference Key name: CECPQ2Enabled
- Example value:

```xml
<true/>
```

## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
