---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation ClickOnceEnabled"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/01/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Allow users to open files using the ClickOnce protocol"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# ClickOnceEnabled

## Allow users to open files using the ClickOnce protocol


## Supported versions

- On Windows since 78 or later

## Description

Allow users to open files using the ClickOnce protocol. The ClickOnce protocol allows websites to request that the browser open files from a specific URL using the ClickOnce file handler on the user's computer or device.

If you enable this policy, users can open files using the ClickOnce protocol. This policy overrides the user's ClickOnce setting in the edge://flags/ page.

If you disable this policy, users can't open files using the ClickOnce protocol. Instead, the file will be saved to the file system using the browser. This policy overrides the user's ClickOnce setting in the edge://flags/ page.

If you don't configure this policy, users with Microsoft Edge versions before Microsoft Edge 87 can't open files using the ClickOnce protocol by default. However, they have the option to enable the use of the ClickOnce protocol with the edge://flags/ page. Users with Microsoft Edge versions 87 and later can open files using the ClickOnce protocol by default but have the option to disable the ClickOnce protocol with edge://flags/ page.

Disabling ClickOnce may prevent ClickOnce applications (.application files) from launching properly.

For more information about ClickOnce, see [https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2103872](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2103872) and [https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2099880](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2099880).

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: No
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: Yes
- Per Profile: No
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: Yes

## Data type

- Boolean

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: ClickOnceEnabled
- GP name: Allow users to open files using the ClickOnce protocol
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge
- GP path (Recommended): N/A
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
Disabled
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge
- Path (Recommended): N/A
- Value name: ClickOnceEnabled
- Value type: REG_DWORD

#### Example registry value

```
0x00000000
```


## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
