---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation ControlDefaultStateOfAllowExtensionFromOtherStoresSettingEnabled"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/01/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Configure default state of Allow extensions from other stores setting"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# ControlDefaultStateOfAllowExtensionFromOtherStoresSettingEnabled

## Configure default state of Allow extensions from other stores setting


## Supported versions

- On Windows and macOS since 101 or later

## Description

This policy allows you to control the default state of the Allow extensions from other stores setting.
This policy can't be used to stop installation of extensions from other stores such as Chrome Web Store.
To stop installation of extensions from other stores, use the Extension Settings policy: [https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2187098](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2187098).

When enabled, Allow extensions from other stores will be turned on. So, users won't have to turn on the flag manually
while installing extensions from other supported stores such as Chrome Web Store. However a user can override this setting.
If the user has already turned on the setting and then turned it off, this setting may not work.
If the Admin first sets the policy as Enabled, but then changes it to not configured or disabled, it will have no impact on
user settings and the setting will remain as it is.

When disabled or not configured, the user can manage the Allow extensions from other store setting.

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: No
- Can be recommended: Yes
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: Yes
- Per Profile: Yes
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: No

## Data type

- Boolean

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: ControlDefaultStateOfAllowExtensionFromOtherStoresSettingEnabled
- GP name: Configure default state of Allow extensions from other stores setting
- GP path (Mandatory): N/A
- GP path (Recommended): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge - Default Settings (users can override)/Extensions
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
Enabled
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): N/A
- Path (Recommended): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge\Recommended
- Value name: ControlDefaultStateOfAllowExtensionFromOtherStoresSettingEnabled
- Value type: REG_DWORD

#### Example registry value

```
0x00000001
```


## Mac information and settings

- Preference Key name: ControlDefaultStateOfAllowExtensionFromOtherStoresSettingEnabled
- Example value:

```xml
<true/>
```

## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
