---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation CopilotCDPPageContext"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/01/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Control Copilot with Commercial Data Protection access to page context for Microsoft Entra ID profiles (obsolete)"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# CopilotCDPPageContext

## Control Copilot with Commercial Data Protection access to page context for Microsoft Entra ID profiles (obsolete)
> OBSOLETE: This policy is obsolete and doesn't work after Microsoft Edge version 132.

## Supported versions

- On Windows and macOS since 124, until 132

## Description

This policy has been obsoleted as of Edge 133. Instead of this obsolete policy, we recommend using [EdgeEntraCopilotPageContext](EdgeEntraCopilotPageContext.md).

This policy controls access to page contents for Copilot with Commercial Data Protection in the Edge sidebar. This policy applies only to Microsoft Entra ID profiles. To summarize pages and interact with text selections, it needs to be able to access the page contents. This policy does not apply to MSA profiles. This policy doesn't control access for Copilot without Commercial Data Protection. Access for Copilot without Commercial Data Protection is controlled by the policy CopilotPageContext.

If you enable this policy, Copilot with Commercial Data Protection will have access to page context.

If you don't configure this policy, a user can enable access to page context for Copilot with Commercial Data Protection using the setting toggle in Edge.

If you disable this policy, Copilot with Commercial Data Protection will not be able to access page context.

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: No
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: Yes
- Per Profile: Yes
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: No

## Data type

- Boolean

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: CopilotCDPPageContext
- GP name: Control Copilot with Commercial Data Protection access to page context for Microsoft Entra ID profiles (obsolete)
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge
- GP path (Recommended): N/A
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
Enabled
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge
- Path (Recommended): N/A
- Value name: CopilotCDPPageContext
- Value type: REG_DWORD

#### Example registry value

```
0x00000001
```


## Mac information and settings

- Preference Key name: CopilotCDPPageContext
- Example value:

```xml
<true/>
```

## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
