---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation CopilotPageContext"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/01/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Control Copilot access to page context for Microsoft Entra ID profiles"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# CopilotPageContext

## Control Copilot access to page context for Microsoft Entra ID profiles


## Supported versions

- On Windows and macOS since 124 or later

## Description

This policy controls access to page contents for Copilot in the Microsoft Edge sidebar when users are logged into their MSA Copilot account. This policy applies only to Microsoft Entra ID Microsoft Edge profiles. To summarize pages and interact with text selections, it needs to be able to access the page contents. This policy does not apply to MSA Microsoft Edge profiles. This policy doesn't control access for Copilot with enterprise data protection (EDP). Access for Copilot with enterprise data protection (EDP) is controlled by the [EdgeEntraCopilotPageContext](EdgeEntraCopilotPageContext.md) policy.

If you enable this policy, Copilot will have access to page content when logged in with Entra ID.

If this policy is not configured, the default behavior for non-EU countries is that access is initially enabled. For EU countries, the default behavior is that access is initially disabled. In both cases, if the policy is not configured, users can enable or disable Copilot's access to page content using the setting toggle in Microsoft Edge.

If you disable this policy, Copilot will not be able to access page context.

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: No
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: Yes
- Per Profile: Yes
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: No

## Data type

- Boolean

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: CopilotPageContext
- GP name: Control Copilot access to page context for Microsoft Entra ID profiles
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge
- GP path (Recommended): N/A
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
Enabled
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge
- Path (Recommended): N/A
- Value name: CopilotPageContext
- Value type: REG_DWORD

#### Example registry value

```
0x00000001
```


## Mac information and settings

- Preference Key name: CopilotPageContext
- Example value:

```xml
<true/>
```

## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
