---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation CORSNonWildcardRequestHeadersSupport"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/01/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: CORS non-wildcard request header support enabled"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# CORSNonWildcardRequestHeadersSupport

## CORS non-wildcard request header support enabled


## Supported versions

- On Windows and macOS since 97 or later

## Description

This policy lets you configure support of CORS non-wildcard request headers.

Microsoft Edge version 97 introduces support for CORS non-wildcard request headers. When a script makes a cross-origin network request via fetch() and XMLHttpRequest with a script-added Authorization header, the header must be explicitly allowed by the Access-Control-Allow-Headers header in the CORS preflight response. "Explicitly" here means that the wild card symbol "*" doesn't cover the Authorization header. See [https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2180022](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2180022) for more detail.

If you enable or don't configure the policy, Microsoft Edge will support the CORS non-wildcard request headers and behave as previously described.

If you disable this policy, Microsoft Edge will allow the wildcard symbol ("*") in the Access-Control-Allow-Headers header in the CORS preflight response to cover the Authorization header.

This policy is a temporary workaround for the new CORS non-wildcard request header feature. It's intended to be removed in the future.

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: No
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: Yes
- Per Profile: Yes
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: Yes

## Data type

- Boolean

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: CORSNonWildcardRequestHeadersSupport
- GP name: CORS non-wildcard request header support enabled
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge
- GP path (Recommended): N/A
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
Enabled
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge
- Path (Recommended): N/A
- Value name: CORSNonWildcardRequestHeadersSupport
- Value type: REG_DWORD

#### Example registry value

```
0x00000001
```


## Mac information and settings

- Preference Key name: CORSNonWildcardRequestHeadersSupport
- Example value:

```xml
<true/>
```

## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
