---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation DefaultPluginsSetting"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/01/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Default Adobe Flash setting (obsolete)"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# DefaultPluginsSetting

## Default Adobe Flash setting (obsolete)
> OBSOLETE: This policy is obsolete and doesn't work after Microsoft Edge version 87.

## Supported versions

- On Windows and macOS since 77, until 87

## Description

This policy doesn't work because Flash is no longer supported by Microsoft Edge.

[PluginsAllowedForUrls](PluginsAllowedForUrls.md) and [PluginsBlockedForUrls](PluginsBlockedForUrls.md) are checked first, then this policy. The options are 'ClickToPlay' and 'BlockPlugins'. If you set this policy to 'BlockPlugins', this plugin is denied for all websites. 'ClickToPlay' lets the Flash plugin run, but users click the placeholder to start it.

If you don't configure this policy, the user can change this setting manually.

Note: Automatic playback is only for domains explicitly listed in the [PluginsAllowedForUrls](PluginsAllowedForUrls.md) policy. To turn automatic playback on for all sites, add http://* and https://* to the allowed list of URLs.

Policy options mapping:

* BlockPlugins (2) = Block the Adobe Flash plugin

* ClickToPlay (3) = Click to play

Use the preceding information when configuring this policy.

## Policy options mapping:
> Use this information when configuring this policy.

- BlockPlugins (2) = Block the Adobe Flash plugin
- ClickToPlay (3) = Click to play

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: No
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: Yes
- Per Profile: Yes
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: No

## Data type

- Integer

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: DefaultPluginsSetting
- GP name: Default Adobe Flash setting (obsolete)
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge/Content settings
- GP path (Recommended): N/A
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
Block the Adobe Flash plugin
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge
- Path (Recommended): N/A
- Value name: DefaultPluginsSetting
- Value type: REG_DWORD

#### Example registry value

```
0x00000002
```


## Mac information and settings

- Preference Key name: DefaultPluginsSetting
- Example value:

```xml
<integer>2</integer>
```

## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
