---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation DefaultSerialGuardSetting"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/01/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Control use of the Serial API"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# DefaultSerialGuardSetting

## Control use of the Serial API


## Supported versions

- On Windows and macOS since 86 or later

## Description

Set whether websites can access serial ports. You can completely block access or ask the user each time a website wants to get access to a serial port.

Setting the policy to 3 lets websites ask for access to serial ports. Setting the policy to 2 denies access to serial ports.

You can override this policy for specific URL patterns by using the [SerialAskForUrls](SerialAskForUrls.md) and [SerialBlockedForUrls](SerialBlockedForUrls.md) policies.

If you don't configure this policy, by default, websites can ask users whether they can access a serial port, and users can change this setting.

Policy options mapping:

* BlockSerial (2) = Do not allow any site to request access to serial ports via the Serial API

* AskSerial (3) = Allow sites to ask for user permission to access a serial port

Use the preceding information when configuring this policy.

## Policy options mapping:
> Use this information when configuring this policy.

- BlockSerial (2) = Do not allow any site to request access to serial ports via the Serial API
- AskSerial (3) = Allow sites to ask for user permission to access a serial port

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: No
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: Yes
- Per Profile: Yes
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: Yes

## Data type

- Integer

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: DefaultSerialGuardSetting
- GP name: Control use of the Serial API
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge
- GP path (Recommended): N/A
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
Do not allow any site to request access to serial ports via the Serial API
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge
- Path (Recommended): N/A
- Value name: DefaultSerialGuardSetting
- Value type: REG_DWORD

#### Example registry value

```
0x00000002
```


## Mac information and settings

- Preference Key name: DefaultSerialGuardSetting
- Example value:

```xml
<integer>2</integer>
```

## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
