---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation DefaultSearchProviderImageURL"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/01/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Specifies the search-by-image feature for the default search provider"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# DefaultSearchProviderImageURL

## Specifies the search-by-image feature for the default search provider


## Supported versions

- On Windows and macOS since 77 or later

## Description

Specifies the URL to the search engine used for image search. Search requests are sent using the GET method.

This policy is optional. If you don't configure it, image search isn't available.

Specify Bing's Image Search URL as:
'{bing:baseURL}images/detail/search?iss=sbiupload&amp;FORM=ANCMS1#enterInsights'.

Specify Google's Image Search URL as: '{google:baseURL}searchbyimage/upload'.

See [DefaultSearchProviderImageURLPostParams](DefaultSearchProviderImageURLPostParams.md) policy to finish configuring image search.

This policy is applied only if you enable the [DefaultSearchProviderEnabled](DefaultSearchProviderEnabled.md) and [DefaultSearchProviderSearchURL](DefaultSearchProviderSearchURL.md) policies.

Starting in Microsoft Edge 84, you can set this policy as a recommended policy. If the user has already set a default search provider, the default search provider configured by this recommended policy will not be added to the list of search providers the user can choose from. If this is the desired behavior, use the [ManagedSearchEngines](ManagedSearchEngines.md) policy.

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: Yes
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: Yes
- Per Profile: Yes
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: No

## Data type

- String

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: DefaultSearchProviderImageURL
- GP name: Specifies the search-by-image feature for the default search provider
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge/Default search provider
- GP path (Recommended): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge - Default Settings (users can override)/Default search provider
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
https://search.contoso.com/searchbyimage/upload
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge
- Path (Recommended): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge\Recommended
- Value name: DefaultSearchProviderImageURL
- Value type: REG_SZ

#### Example registry value

```
https://search.contoso.com/searchbyimage/upload
```


## Mac information and settings

- Preference Key name: DefaultSearchProviderImageURL
- Example value:

```xml
<string>https://search.contoso.com/searchbyimage/upload</string>
```

## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
