---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation DefaultShareAdditionalOSRegionSetting"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/01/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Set the default &quot;share additional operating system region&quot; setting"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# DefaultShareAdditionalOSRegionSetting

## Set the default "share additional operating system region" setting


## Supported versions

- On Windows and macOS since 108 or later

## Description

This policy controls the default value for the "share additional operating system region" setting in Microsoft Edge.

The "share additional operating system region" Microsoft Edge setting controls whether the OS Regional format setting will be shared with the web through the default JavaScript locale. If shared, websites will be able to query the OS Regional format using JavaScript code, for example; "Intl.DateTimeFormat().resolvedOptions().locale". The default value for the setting is "Limited".

If you set this policy to "Limited", the OS Regional format will only be shared if its language part matches the Microsoft Edge display language.

If you set this policy to "Always", the OS Regional format will always be shared. This value could cause unexpected website behavior if the OS Regional format language is different from the Microsoft Edge display language. For example, if a website uses the JavaScript default locale to format dates, the names of the days and months can be displayed in one language while the surrounding text is displayed in another language.

If you set this policy to "Never", the OS Regional format will never be shared.

Example 1: In this example the OS Regional format is set to "en-GB" and the browser display language is set to "en-US". Then the OS Regional format will be shared if the policy is set to "Limited", or "Always".

Example 2: In this example the OS Regional format is set to "es-MX" and the browser display language is set to "en-US". Then the OS Regional format will be shared if the policy is set to "Always" but will not if the policy is set to "Limited".

For more information about this setting, see [https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2222282](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2222282)

Policy options mapping:

* Limited (0) = Limited

* Always (1) = Always share the OS Regional format

* Never (2) = Never share the OS Regional format

Use the preceding information when configuring this policy.

## Policy options mapping:
> Use this information when configuring this policy.

- Limited (0) = Limited
- Always (1) = Always share the OS Regional format
- Never (2) = Never share the OS Regional format

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: Yes
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: Yes
- Per Profile: Yes
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: Yes

## Data type

- Integer

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: DefaultShareAdditionalOSRegionSetting
- GP name: Set the default "share additional operating system region" setting
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge
- GP path (Recommended): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge - Default Settings (users can override)
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
Limited
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge
- Path (Recommended): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge\Recommended
- Value name: DefaultShareAdditionalOSRegionSetting
- Value type: REG_DWORD

#### Example registry value

```
0x00000000
```


## Mac information and settings

- Preference Key name: DefaultShareAdditionalOSRegionSetting
- Example value:

```xml
<integer>0</integer>
```

## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
