---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation DefaultSearchProviderEnabled"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/01/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Enable the default search provider"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# DefaultSearchProviderEnabled

## Enable the default search provider


## Supported versions

- On Windows and macOS since 77 or later

## Description

Enables the ability to use a default search provider.

If you enable this policy, a user can search for a term by typing in the address bar (as long as what they type isn't a URL).

You can specify the default search provider to use by enabling the rest of the default search policies. If these are left empty (not configured) or configured incorrectly, the user can choose the default provider.

If you disable this policy, the user can't search from the address bar.

If you enable or disable this policy, users can't change or override it.

If you don't configure this policy, the default search provider is enabled, and the user can choose the default search provider and set the search provider list.

This policy is available only on Windows instances that are joined to a Microsoft Active Directory domain, joined to Microsoft Azure Active Directory, or instances that enrolled for device management. On macOS, this policy is available only on instances that are managed via MDM or joined to a domain via MCX.

Starting in Microsoft Edge 84, you can set this policy as a recommended policy.

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: Yes
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: Yes
- Per Profile: Yes
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: No

## Data type

- Boolean

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: DefaultSearchProviderEnabled
- GP name: Enable the default search provider
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge/Default search provider
- GP path (Recommended): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge - Default Settings (users can override)/Default search provider
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
Enabled
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge
- Path (Recommended): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge\Recommended
- Value name: DefaultSearchProviderEnabled
- Value type: REG_DWORD

#### Example registry value

```
0x00000001
```


## Mac information and settings

- Preference Key name: DefaultSearchProviderEnabled
- Example value:

```xml
<true/>
```

## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
