---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation DeveloperToolsAvailability"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/01/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Control where developer tools can be used"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# DeveloperToolsAvailability

## Control where developer tools can be used


## Supported versions

- On Windows and macOS since 77 or later

## Description

Control where developer tools can be used.

If you set this policy to 'DeveloperToolsDisallowedForForceInstalledExtensions' (the default), users can access the developer tools and the JavaScript console in general, but not in the context of extensions installed by enterprise policy.

If you set this policy to 'DeveloperToolsAllowed', users can access the developer tools and the JavaScript console in all contexts, including extensions installed by enterprise policy.

If you set this policy to 'DeveloperToolsDisallowed', users can't access the developer tools or inspect website elements. Keyboard shortcuts and menu or context menu entries that open the developer tools or the JavaScript Console are disabled.

As of Microsoft Edge version 99, this setting also controls entry points for the 'View page source' feature. If you set this policy to 'DeveloperToolsDisallowed', users cannot access source viewing via keyboard shortcut or the context menu. To fully block source viewing, you must also add 'view-source:*' to the [URLBlocklist](URLBlocklist.md) policy.

As of Microsoft Edge version 119, this setting also controls whether developer mode for Isolated Web Apps can be activated and used.

As of Microsoft Edge version 128, this setting will not control developer mode on extensions page if [ExtensionDeveloperModeSettings](ExtensionDeveloperModeSettings.md) policy is set.

Policy options mapping:

* DeveloperToolsDisallowedForForceInstalledExtensions (0) = Block the developer tools on extensions installed by enterprise policy, allow in other contexts

* DeveloperToolsAllowed (1) = Allow using the developer tools

* DeveloperToolsDisallowed (2) = Don't allow using the developer tools

Use the preceding information when configuring this policy.

## Policy options mapping:
> Use this information when configuring this policy.

- DeveloperToolsDisallowedForForceInstalledExtensions (0) = Block the developer tools on extensions installed by enterprise policy, allow in other contexts
- DeveloperToolsAllowed (1) = Allow using the developer tools
- DeveloperToolsDisallowed (2) = Don't allow using the developer tools

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: No
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: Yes
- Per Profile: Yes
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: No

## Data type

- Integer

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: DeveloperToolsAvailability
- GP name: Control where developer tools can be used
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge
- GP path (Recommended): N/A
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
Don't allow using the developer tools
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge
- Path (Recommended): N/A
- Value name: DeveloperToolsAvailability
- Value type: REG_DWORD

#### Example registry value

```
0x00000002
```


## Mac information and settings

- Preference Key name: DeveloperToolsAvailability
- Example value:

```xml
<integer>2</integer>
```

## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
