---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation DiagnosticData"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/01/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Send required and optional diagnostic data about browser usage"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# DiagnosticData

## Send required and optional diagnostic data about browser usage


## Supported versions

- On Windows since 122 or later
- On macOS since 86 or later

## Description

This policy controls sending required and optional diagnostic data about browser usage to Microsoft.

Required diagnostic data is collected to keep Microsoft Edge secure, up to date and performing as expected.

Optional diagnostic data includes data about how you use the browser, websites you visit and crash reports to Microsoft for product and service improvement.

Up to version 121, this policy is not supported on Windows 10 devices. To control this data collection on Windows 10 for 121 and previous, IT admins must use the Windows diagnostic data group policy. This policy will either be 'Allow Telemetry' or 'Allow Diagnostic Data', depending on the version of Windows. Learn more about Windows 10 diagnostic data collection: [https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2099569](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2099569)

For version 122 and later, this policy is supported on Windows 10 devices to allow controlling Microsoft Edge data collection separately from Windows 10 diagnostics data collection.

Use one of the following settings to configure this policy:

'Off' turns off required and optional diagnostic data collection. This option is not recommended.

'RequiredData' sends required diagnostic data but turns off optional diagnostic data collection. Microsoft Edge will send required diagnostic data to keep Microsoft Edge secure, up to date and performing as expected.

'OptionalData' sends optional diagnostic data includes data about browser usage, websites that are visited, crash reports sent to Microsoft for product and service improvement.

On Windows 7/macOS, this policy controls sending required and optional data to Microsoft.

If you don't configure this policy or disable it, Microsoft Edge will default to the user's preference.

Policy options mapping:

* Off (0) = Off (Not recommended)

* RequiredData (1) = Required data

* OptionalData (2) = Optional data

Use the preceding information when configuring this policy.

## Policy options mapping:
> Use this information when configuring this policy.

- Off (0) = Off (Not recommended)
- RequiredData (1) = Required data
- OptionalData (2) = Optional data

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: No
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: No - Requires browser restart
- Per Profile: No
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: Yes

## Data type

- Integer

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: DiagnosticData
- GP name: Send required and optional diagnostic data about browser usage
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge
- GP path (Recommended): N/A
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
Optional data
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge
- Path (Recommended): N/A
- Value name: DiagnosticData
- Value type: REG_DWORD

#### Example registry value

```
0x00000002
```


## Mac information and settings

- Preference Key name: DiagnosticData
- Example value:

```xml
<integer>2</integer>
```

## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
