---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation DiscoverPageContextEnabled"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/01/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Enable Discover access to page contents for AAD profiles (obsolete)"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# DiscoverPageContextEnabled

## Enable Discover access to page contents for AAD profiles (obsolete)
> OBSOLETE: This policy is obsolete and doesn't work after Microsoft Edge version 127.

## Supported versions

- On Windows and macOS since 113, until 127

## Description

This policy has been obsoleted as of Edge 127. Two new Edge Policies have taken its place. Those policies are CopilotPageContext (Control Copilot access to page contents for AAD profiles), and CopilotCDPPageContext (Control Copilot with Commercial Data Protection access to page contents for AAD profiles).

This policy did not allow for separate control of Copilot and Copilot with Commercial Data Protection. The new policies allow separate control of these versions of Copilot. The new policies also allow admins to force-enable Copilot access to Edge page contents by enabling the policy, whereas DiscoverPageContextEnabled only allowed force-disabling of Copilot page access.

This policy controls Discover access to page contents for AAD profiles. Discover is an extension that hosts Bing Chat. In order to summarize pages and interact with text selections, it needs to be able to access the page contents. When enabled, page contents will be sent to Bing. This policy does not affect MSA profiles.

If you enable or don't configure this policy, Discover will have access to page contents.

If you disable this policy, Discover will not be able to access page contents.

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: No
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: Yes
- Per Profile: Yes
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: No

## Data type

- Boolean

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: DiscoverPageContextEnabled
- GP name: Enable Discover access to page contents for AAD profiles (obsolete)
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge
- GP path (Recommended): N/A
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
Enabled
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge
- Path (Recommended): N/A
- Value name: DiscoverPageContextEnabled
- Value type: REG_DWORD

#### Example registry value

```
0x00000001
```


## Mac information and settings

- Preference Key name: DiscoverPageContextEnabled
- Example value:

```xml
<true/>
```

## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
