---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation DisplayCapturePermissionsPolicyEnabled"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/01/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Specifies whether the display-capture permissions-policy is checked or skipped (obsolete)"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# DisplayCapturePermissionsPolicyEnabled

## Specifies whether the display-capture permissions-policy is checked or skipped (obsolete)
> OBSOLETE: This policy is obsolete and doesn't work after Microsoft Edge version 109.

## Supported versions

- On Windows and macOS since 95, until 109

## Description

This policy is obsolete. The policy was a temporary workaround for non-spec-compliant enterprise applications.

This policy stopped working in Microsoft Edge 107 and was obsoleted in Microsoft Edge 110.

The display-capture permissions-policy gates access to getDisplayMedia(),
as per this spec:
https://www.w3.org/TR/screen-capture/#feature-policy-integration
However, if this policy is Disabled, this requirement is not enforced,
and getDisplayMedia() is allowed from contexts that would otherwise be
forbidden.

If you enable or don't configure this policy, sites can only call getDisplayMedia() from
contexts which are allowlisted by the display-capture permissions-policy.

If you disable this policy, sites can call getDisplayMedia() even from contexts
which are not allowlisted by the display-capture permissions policy.
Note that other restrictions may still apply.

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: No
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: No - Requires browser restart
- Per Profile: Yes
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: Yes

## Data type

- Boolean

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: DisplayCapturePermissionsPolicyEnabled
- GP name: Specifies whether the display-capture permissions-policy is checked or skipped (obsolete)
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge
- GP path (Recommended): N/A
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
Enabled
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge
- Path (Recommended): N/A
- Value name: DisplayCapturePermissionsPolicyEnabled
- Value type: REG_DWORD

#### Example registry value

```
0x00000001
```


## Mac information and settings

- Preference Key name: DisplayCapturePermissionsPolicyEnabled
- Example value:

```xml
<true/>
```

## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
