---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation DnsOverHttpsMode"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/01/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Control the mode of DNS-over-HTTPS"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# DnsOverHttpsMode

## Control the mode of DNS-over-HTTPS


## Supported versions

- On Windows and macOS since 83 or later

## Description

Control the mode of the DNS-over-HTTPS resolver. Note that this policy will only set the default mode for each query.
The mode can be overridden for special types of queries such as requests to resolve a DNS-over-HTTPS server hostname.

The "off" mode will disable DNS-over-HTTPS.

The "automatic" mode will send DNS-over-HTTPS queries first if a DNS-over-HTTPS server is available and may fallback to sending insecure queries on error.

The "secure" mode will only send DNS-over-HTTPS queries and will fail to resolve on error.

If this policy is not configured for managed devices, DNS-over-HTTPS queries will not be sent. Instead, the browser
may send DNS requests to a resolver associated with the user's system resolver.
This could lead to a less secure or private DNS resolution process, depending on the resolver in use.

Policy options mapping:

* off (off) = Disable DNS-over-HTTPS

* automatic (automatic) = Enable DNS-over-HTTPS with insecure fallback

* secure (secure) = Enable DNS-over-HTTPS without insecure fallback

Use the preceding information when configuring this policy.

## Policy options mapping:
> Use this information when configuring this policy.

- off = Disable DNS-over-HTTPS
- automatic = Enable DNS-over-HTTPS with insecure fallback
- secure = Enable DNS-over-HTTPS without insecure fallback

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: No
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: Yes
- Per Profile: No
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: Yes

## Data type

- String

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: DnsOverHttpsMode
- GP name: Control the mode of DNS-over-HTTPS
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge
- GP path (Recommended): N/A
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
Disable DNS-over-HTTPS
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge
- Path (Recommended): N/A
- Value name: DnsOverHttpsMode
- Value type: REG_SZ

#### Example registry value

```
off
```


## Mac information and settings

- Preference Key name: DnsOverHttpsMode
- Example value:

```xml
<string>off</string>
```

## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
