---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation EdgeDefaultProfileEnabled"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/01/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Default Profile Setting Enabled"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# EdgeDefaultProfileEnabled

## Default Profile Setting Enabled


## Supported versions

- On Windows since 101 or later

## Description

Configuring this policy will let you set a default profile in Microsoft Edge to be used when opening the browser rather than the last profile used. This policy won't affect when "--profile-directory" parameter has been specified. Set the value to "Default" to refer to the default profile. The value is case sensitive.
The value of the policy is the name of the profile (case sensitive) and can be configured with string that is the name of a specific profile.
The value "Edge Kids Mode" and "Guest Profile" are considered not useful values because they not supposed to be a default profile.
This policy won't impact the following scenarios:
  1) Settings specified in "Profile preferences for sites" in "Profile preferences"
  2) Links opening from Outlook and Teams.

The following statements are under the condition of not specify the "--profile-directory" and configured value is not "Edge Kids Mode" or "Guest Profile":
If you enable this policy and configure it with a specific profile name and the specified profile can be found, Microsoft Edge will use the specified profile when launching and the setting of "Default profile for external link" is changed to the specified profile name and greyed out.
If you enable this policy and configure it with a specific profile name but it can't be found, the policy will behave like it's never been set before.
If you enable this policy, but don't configure or disable it, the policy will behave like it's never been set before.

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: No
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: No - Requires browser restart
- Per Profile: No
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: Yes

## Data type

- String

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: EdgeDefaultProfileEnabled
- GP name: Default Profile Setting Enabled
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge/Identity and sign-in
- GP path (Recommended): N/A
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
Default
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge
- Path (Recommended): N/A
- Value name: EdgeDefaultProfileEnabled
- Value type: REG_SZ

#### Example registry value

```
Default
```


## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
