---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation EdgeEntraCopilotPageContext"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/01/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Control Copilot access to Microsoft Edge page content for Entra account user profiles when using Copilot in the Microsoft Edge sidepane"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# EdgeEntraCopilotPageContext

## Control Copilot access to Microsoft Edge page content for Entra account user profiles when using Copilot in the Microsoft Edge sidepane


## Supported versions

- On Windows and macOS since 130 or later

## Description

This policy controls whether Copilot in the Microsoft Edge sidepane can access Microsoft Edge page content. This includes page summarization and similar contextual queries sent to Copilot.

This policy only applies to users who are signed in to Microsoft Edge with their Entra account and are using Copilot in the sidepane. This policy applies to all Copilot products in the Microsoft Edge sidepane - namely, Microsoft 365 Copilot Business Chat and Microsoft Copilot with enterprise data protection (EDP).

If you enable this policy, Copilot will be able to access Microsoft Edge page content when users ask a contextual query to Copilot in the Microsoft Edge sidepane.

If you disable this policy, Copilot will not be able to access Microsoft Edge page content.

If you don't configure this policy, the default behavior is as follows:

- For non-EU countries, access is enabled by default.

- For EU countries, access is disabled by default.

- In both cases, if the policy is not configured, users can enable or disable Copilot access to Microsoft Edge page content using the toggle in Microsoft Edge settings.

Exceptions to the preceding behavior include when a page is protected using data loss prevention (DLP) measures. In that case, Copilot will not be able to access Microsoft Edge page content even when this policy is enabled. This behavior is to ensure the integrity of DLP.

Learn more about Copilot's data usage and consent at [https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2288056](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2288056)

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: No
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: Yes
- Per Profile: Yes
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: No

## Data type

- Boolean

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: EdgeEntraCopilotPageContext
- GP name: Control Copilot access to Microsoft Edge page content for Entra account user profiles when using Copilot in the Microsoft Edge sidepane
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge
- GP path (Recommended): N/A
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
Enabled
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge
- Path (Recommended): N/A
- Value name: EdgeEntraCopilotPageContext
- Value type: REG_DWORD

#### Example registry value

```
0x00000001
```


## Mac information and settings

- Preference Key name: EdgeEntraCopilotPageContext
- Example value:

```xml
<true/>
```

## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
