---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation EfficiencyMode"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/01/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Configure when efficiency mode should become active"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# EfficiencyMode

## Configure when efficiency mode should become active


## Supported versions

- On Windows and macOS since 96 or later

## Description

This policy setting lets you configure when efficiency mode will become active. By default, efficiency mode is set to 'BalancedSavings'. On devices with no battery, efficiency mode is disabled by default and will not become active. Please note that Windows Energy Saver settings can influence when efficiency mode becomes active on all devices.

Individual sites may be blocked from participating in efficiency mode by configuring the policy [SleepingTabsBlockedForUrls](SleepingTabsBlockedForUrls.md).

Set this policy to 'AlwaysActive' and efficiency mode will always be active.

Set this policy to 'NeverActive' and efficiency mode will never become active.

Set this policy to 'ActiveWhenUnplugged' and efficiency mode will become active when the device is unplugged.

Set this policy to 'ActiveWhenUnpluggedBatteryLow' and efficiency mode will become active when the device is unplugged and the battery is low.

Set this policy to 'BalancedSavings' and when the device is unplugged, efficiency mode will take moderate steps to save battery. When the device is unplugged and the battery is low, efficiency mode will take additional steps to save battery.

Set this policy to 'MaximumSavings' and when the device is unplugged or unplugged and the battery is low, efficiency mode takes additional steps to save battery.

If the device does not have a battery, efficiency mode will never become active in any mode other than 'AlwaysActive' unless the setting or [EfficiencyModeEnabled](EfficiencyModeEnabled.md) policy is enabled.

This policy has no effect if the [EfficiencyModeEnabled](EfficiencyModeEnabled.md) policy is disabled.

Learn more about efficiency mode: [https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2173921](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2173921)

Learn more about energy saver: [Energy Saver](/windows-hardware/design/component-guidelines/energy-saver)

Policy options mapping:

* AlwaysActive (0) = Efficiency mode is always active

* NeverActive (1) = Efficiency mode is never active

* ActiveWhenUnplugged (2) = Efficiency mode is active when the device is unplugged

* ActiveWhenUnpluggedBatteryLow (3) = Efficiency mode is active when the device is unplugged and the battery is low

* BalancedSavings (4) = When the device is unplugged, efficiency mode takes moderate steps to save battery. When the device is unplugged and the battery is low, efficiency mode takes additional steps to save battery.

* MaximumSavings (5) = When the device is unplugged or unplugged and the battery is low, efficiency mode takes additional steps to save battery.

Use the preceding information when configuring this policy.

## Policy options mapping:
> Use this information when configuring this policy.

- AlwaysActive (0) = Efficiency mode is always active
- NeverActive (1) = Efficiency mode is never active
- ActiveWhenUnplugged (2) = Efficiency mode is active when the device is unplugged
- ActiveWhenUnpluggedBatteryLow (3) = Efficiency mode is active when the device is unplugged and the battery is low
- BalancedSavings (4) = When the device is unplugged, efficiency mode takes moderate steps to save battery. When the device is unplugged and the battery is low, efficiency mode takes additional steps to save battery.
- MaximumSavings (5) = When the device is unplugged or unplugged and the battery is low, efficiency mode takes additional steps to save battery.

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: Yes
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: Yes
- Per Profile: No
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: Yes

## Data type

- Integer

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: EfficiencyMode
- GP name: Configure when efficiency mode should become active
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge/Performance
- GP path (Recommended): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge - Default Settings (users can override)/Performance
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
Efficiency mode is active when the device is unplugged and the battery is low
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge
- Path (Recommended): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge\Recommended
- Value name: EfficiencyMode
- Value type: REG_DWORD

#### Example registry value

```
0x00000003
```


## Mac information and settings

- Preference Key name: EfficiencyMode
- Example value:

```xml
<integer>3</integer>
```

## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
