---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation EnableDomainActionsDownload"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/01/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Enable Domain Actions Download from Microsoft (obsolete)"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# EnableDomainActionsDownload

## Enable Domain Actions Download from Microsoft (obsolete)
> OBSOLETE: This policy is obsolete and doesn't work after Microsoft Edge version 84.

## Supported versions

- On Windows and macOS since 77, until 84

## Description

This policy doesn't work because conflicting states should be avoided. This policy was used to enable/disable download of the domain actions list, but it didn't always achieve the desired state. The Experimentation and Configuration Service, which handles the download, has its own policy to configure what is downloaded from the service. Use the [ExperimentationAndConfigurationServiceControl](ExperimentationAndConfigurationServiceControl.md) policy instead.

In Microsoft Edge, Domain Actions represent a series of compatibility features that help the browser work correctly on the web.

Microsoft keeps a list of actions to take on certain domains for compatibility reasons. For example, the browser may override the User Agent string on a website if that website is broken due to the new User Agent string on Microsoft Edge. Each of these actions is intended to be temporary while Microsoft tries to resolve the issue with the site owner.

When the browser starts up and then periodically afterwards, the browser will contact the Experimentation and Configuration Service that contains the most up to date list of compatibility actions to perform. This list is saved locally after it is first retrieved so that subsequent requests will only update the list if the server's copy has changed.

If you enable this policy, the list of Domain Actions will continue to be downloaded from the Experimentation and Configuration Service.

If you disable this policy, the list of Domain Actions will no longer be downloaded from the Experimentation and Configuration Service.

If you don't configure this policy, the list of Domain Actions will continue to be downloaded from the Experimentation and Configuration Service.

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: No
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: Yes
- Per Profile: No
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: Yes

## Data type

- Boolean

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: EnableDomainActionsDownload
- GP name: Enable Domain Actions Download from Microsoft (obsolete)
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge
- GP path (Recommended): N/A
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
Enabled
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge
- Path (Recommended): N/A
- Value name: EnableDomainActionsDownload
- Value type: REG_DWORD

#### Example registry value

```
0x00000001
```


## Mac information and settings

- Preference Key name: EnableDomainActionsDownload
- Example value:

```xml
<true/>
```

## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
