---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation EnhanceSecurityMode"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/01/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Enhance the security state in Microsoft Edge"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# EnhanceSecurityMode

## Enhance the security state in Microsoft Edge


## Supported versions

- On Windows and macOS since 98 or later

## Description

This policy lets you enhance the security state in Microsoft Edge.

If you set this policy to 'StandardMode', the enhanced mode will be turned off and Microsoft Edge will fallback to its standard security mode.

If you set this policy to 'BalancedMode', the security state will be in balanced mode.

If you set this policy to 'StrictMode', the security state will be in strict mode.

If you set this policy to 'BasicMode', the security state will be in basic mode.

Note: Sites that use WebAssembly (WASM) are not supported on 32-bit systems when [EnhanceSecurityMode](EnhanceSecurityMode.md) is enabled. If you require access to a site that uses WASM, consider adding it to your exception list as described in [https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2183321](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2183321).

Starting in Microsoft Edge 113, 'BasicMode' is deprecated and is treated the same as 'BalancedMode'. It won't work in Microsoft Edge version 116.

For detailed information about Enhanced Security Mode, see [https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2185895](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2185895)

Policy options mapping:

* StandardMode (0) = Standard mode

* BalancedMode (1) = Balanced mode

* StrictMode (2) = Strict mode

* BasicMode (3) = (Deprecated) Basic mode

Use the preceding information when configuring this policy.

## Policy options mapping:
> Use this information when configuring this policy.

- StandardMode (0) = Standard mode
- BalancedMode (1) = Balanced mode
- StrictMode (2) = Strict mode
- BasicMode (3) = (Deprecated) Basic mode

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: No
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: Yes
- Per Profile: Yes
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: Yes

## Data type

- Integer

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: EnhanceSecurityMode
- GP name: Enhance the security state in Microsoft Edge
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge
- GP path (Recommended): N/A
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
Standard mode
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge
- Path (Recommended): N/A
- Value name: EnhanceSecurityMode
- Value type: REG_DWORD

#### Example registry value

```
0x00000000
```


## Mac information and settings

- Preference Key name: EnhanceSecurityMode
- Example value:

```xml
<integer>0</integer>
```

## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
