---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation ExemptDomainFileTypePairsFromFileTypeDownloadWarnings"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/08/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Disable download file type extension-based warnings for specified file types on domains (obsolete)"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# ExemptDomainFileTypePairsFromFileTypeDownloadWarnings

## Disable download file type extension-based warnings for specified file types on domains (obsolete)
> OBSOLETE: This policy is obsolete and doesn't work after Microsoft Edge version 109.

## Supported versions

- On Windows and macOS since 85, until 109

## Description

This policy has been obsoleted in favor of [ExemptFileTypeDownloadWarnings](ExemptFileTypeDownloadWarnings.md) because of a type mismatch that caused errors in Mac.

You can enable this policy to create a dictionary of file type extensions with a corresponding list of domains that will be exempted from file type extension-based download warnings. This lets enterprise administrators block file type extension-based download warnings for files that are associated with a listed domain. For example, if  the "jnlp" extension is associated with "website1.com", users would not see a warning when downloading "jnlp" files from "website1.com", but see a download warning when downloading "jnlp" files from "website2.com".

Files with file type extensions specified for domains identified by this policy will still be subject to non-file type extension-based security warnings such as mixed-content download warnings and Microsoft Defender SmartScreen warnings.

If you disable this policy or don't configure it, file types that trigger extension-based download warnings will show warnings to the user.

If you enable this policy:

* The URL pattern should be formatted according to [https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2095322](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2095322).
* The file type extension entered must be in lower-cased ASCII. The leading separator should not be included when listing the file type extension, so list "jnlp" should be used instead of ".jnlp".

Example:

The following example value would prevent file type extension-based download warnings on swf, exe, and jnlp extensions for *.contoso.com domains. It will show the user a file type extension-based download warning on any other domain for exe and jnlp files, but not for swf files.

[
  { "file_extension": "jnlp", "domains": ["contoso.com"] },
  { "file_extension": "exe", "domains": ["contoso.com"] },
  { "file_extension": "swf", "domains": ["*"] }
]

Note that while the preceding example shows the suppression of file type extension-based download warnings for "swf" files for all domains, applying suppression of such warnings for all domains for any dangerous file type extension is not recommended due to security concerns. It is shown in the example merely to demonstrate the ability to do so.

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: No
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: Yes
- Per Profile: Yes
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: Yes

## Data type

- List of strings

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: ExemptDomainFileTypePairsFromFileTypeDownloadWarnings
- GP name: Disable download file type extension-based warnings for specified file types on domains (obsolete)
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge
- GP path (Recommended): N/A
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
{'domains': ['https://contoso.com', 'contoso2.com'], 'file_extension': 'jnlp'}
```

```
{'domains': ['*'], 'file_extension': 'swf'}
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge\ExemptDomainFileTypePairsFromFileTypeDownloadWarnings
- Path (Recommended): N/A
- Value name: 1, 2, 3, ...
- Value type: List of REG_SZ

#### Example registry value

SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge\ExemptDomainFileTypePairsFromFileTypeDownloadWarnings\1 =
```
{'domains': ['https://contoso.com', 'contoso2.com'], 'file_extension': 'jnlp'}
```

SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge\ExemptDomainFileTypePairsFromFileTypeDownloadWarnings\2 =
```
{'domains': ['*'], 'file_extension': 'swf'}
```




## Mac information and settings

- Preference Key name: ExemptDomainFileTypePairsFromFileTypeDownloadWarnings
- Example value:

```xml
<array>
  <string>{'domains': ['https://contoso.com', 'contoso2.com'], 'file_extension': 'jnlp'}</string>
  <string>{'domains': ['*'], 'file_extension': 'swf'}</string>
</array>
```

## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
