---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation ExternalProtocolDialogShowAlwaysOpenCheckbox"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/01/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Show an &quot;Always open&quot; checkbox in external protocol dialog"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# ExternalProtocolDialogShowAlwaysOpenCheckbox

## Show an "Always open" checkbox in external protocol dialog


## Supported versions

- On Windows and macOS since 79 or later

## Description

This policy controls whether the "Always allow this site to open links of this type" checkbox is shown on external protocol launch confirmation prompts. This policy only applies to https:// links.

If you enable this policy, when an external protocol confirmation prompt is shown, the user can select "Always allow" to skip all future confirmation prompts for the protocol on this site.

If you disable this policy, the "Always allow" checkbox isn't displayed. The user will be prompted for confirmation every time an external protocol is invoked.

Prior to Microsoft Edge 83, if you don't configure this policy, the "Always allow" checkbox isn't displayed. The user will be prompted for confirmation every time an external protocol is invoked.

On Microsoft Edge 83, if you don't configure this policy, the checkbox visibility is controlled by the "Enable remembering protocol launch prompting preferences" flag in edge://flags

As of Microsoft Edge 84, if you don't configure this policy, when an external protocol confirmation prompt is shown, the user can select "Always allow" to skip all future confirmation prompts for the protocol on this site.

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: No
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: No - Requires browser restart
- Per Profile: Yes
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: No

## Data type

- Boolean

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: ExternalProtocolDialogShowAlwaysOpenCheckbox
- GP name: Show an "Always open" checkbox in external protocol dialog
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge
- GP path (Recommended): N/A
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
Enabled
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge
- Path (Recommended): N/A
- Value name: ExternalProtocolDialogShowAlwaysOpenCheckbox
- Value type: REG_DWORD

#### Example registry value

```
0x00000001
```


## Mac information and settings

- Preference Key name: ExternalProtocolDialogShowAlwaysOpenCheckbox
- Example value:

```xml
<true/>
```

## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
