---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation ExtensionManifestV2Availability"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/01/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Control Manifest v2 extension availability"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# ExtensionManifestV2Availability

## Control Manifest v2 extension availability


## Supported versions

- On Windows and macOS since 123 or later

## Description

Control if Manifest v2 extensions can be used by browser.

Manifest v2 extensions support will be deprecated and all extensions need to be migrated to v3 in the future. More information about, and the timeline of the migration has not been established.

If the policy is set to Default or not set, v2 extension loading is decided by browser. This will follow the preceding timeline when it's established.

If the policy is set to Disable, v2 extensions installation are blocked, and existing ones are disabled. This option is going to be treated the same as if the policy is unset after v2 support is turned off by default.

If the policy is set to Enable, v2 extensions are allowed. The option is going to be treated the same as if the policy isn't set before v2 support is turned off by default.

If the policy is set to EnableForForcedExtensions, force installed v2 extensions are allowed. This includes extensions that are listed by [ExtensionInstallForcelist](ExtensionInstallForcelist.md) or [ExtensionSettings](ExtensionSettings.md) with installation_mode "force_installed" or "normal_installed". All other v2 extensions are disabled. The option is always available regardless of the manifest migration state.

Extensions availabilities are still controlled by other policies.

Policy options mapping:

* Default (0) = Default browser behavior

* Disable (1) = Manifest v2 is disabled

* Enable (2) = Manifest v2 is enabled

* EnableForForcedExtensions (3) = Manifest v2 is enabled for forced extensions only

Use the preceding information when configuring this policy.

## Policy options mapping:
> Use this information when configuring this policy.

- Default (0) = Default browser behavior
- Disable (1) = Manifest v2 is disabled
- Enable (2) = Manifest v2 is enabled
- EnableForForcedExtensions (3) = Manifest v2 is enabled for forced extensions only

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: No
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: Yes
- Per Profile: Yes
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: No

## Data type

- Integer

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: ExtensionManifestV2Availability
- GP name: Control Manifest v2 extension availability
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge/Extensions
- GP path (Recommended): N/A
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
Manifest v2 is enabled
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge
- Path (Recommended): N/A
- Value name: ExtensionManifestV2Availability
- Value type: REG_DWORD

#### Example registry value

```
0x00000002
```


## Mac information and settings

- Preference Key name: ExtensionManifestV2Availability
- Example value:

```xml
<integer>2</integer>
```

## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
