---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation ForceSync"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/01/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Force synchronization of browser data and do not show the sync consent prompt"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# ForceSync

## Force synchronization of browser data and do not show the sync consent prompt


## Supported versions

- On Windows and macOS since 86 or later

## Description

Forces data synchronization in Microsoft Edge. This policy also prevents the user from turning sync off.

If you don't configure this policy, users will be able to turn sync on or off. If you enable this policy, users will not be able to turn sync off.

For this policy to work as intended,
[BrowserSignin](BrowserSignin.md) policy must not be configured, or must be set to enabled. If [BrowserSignin](BrowserSignin.md) is set to disabled, then [ForceSync](ForceSync.md) will not take affect.

[SyncDisabled](SyncDisabled.md) must not be configured or must be set to False. If this is set to True, [ForceSync](ForceSync.md) will not take affect. If you wish to ensure specific datatypes sync or do not sync, use the [ForceSyncTypes](ForceSyncTypes.md) policy and [SyncTypesListDisabled](SyncTypesListDisabled.md) policy.

0 = Do not automatically start sync and show the sync consent (default)
1 = Force sync to be turned on for Azure AD/Azure AD-Degraded user profile and do not show the sync consent prompt

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: No
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: Yes
- Per Profile: Yes
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: No

## Data type

- Boolean

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: ForceSync
- GP name: Force synchronization of browser data and do not show the sync consent prompt
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge
- GP path (Recommended): N/A
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
Enabled
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge
- Path (Recommended): N/A
- Value name: ForceSync
- Value type: REG_DWORD

#### Example registry value

```
0x00000001
```


## Mac information and settings

- Preference Key name: ForceSync
- Example value:

```xml
<true/>
```

## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
