---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation ForceMajorVersionToMinorPositionInUserAgent"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/01/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Enable or disable freezing the User-Agent string at major version 99 (obsolete)"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# ForceMajorVersionToMinorPositionInUserAgent

## Enable or disable freezing the User-Agent string at major version 99 (obsolete)
> OBSOLETE: This policy is obsolete and doesn't work after Microsoft Edge version 117.

## Supported versions

- On Windows and macOS since 99, until 117

## Description

This policy was removed in Microsoft Edge 118 and is ignored if configured.

This policy controls whether the User-Agent string major
version should be frozen at 99.

The User-Agent request header lets websites identify the application,
operating system, vendor, and/or version of the requesting user agent.
Some websites make assumptions about how this header is formatted and may
encounter issues with version strings that include three digits in the
major position (for example, 100.0.0.0).

Setting the policy to 'Default' or leaving it unset will default to
browser settings for the User-Agent string major version.
If set to 'ForceEnabled', the User-Agent string will always report the
major version as 99 and include the browser's major version in the minor
position. For example, browser version 101.0.0.0 would send a User-Agent
request header that reports version 99.101.0.0.
If set to 'ForceDisabled', the User-Agent string will not freeze the
major version.

This policy is temporary and will be deprecated in the future. Note that
if this policy and
User-Agent Reduction are
both enabled, the User-Agent version string will always be 99.0.0.0.

Policy options mapping:

* Default (0) = Default to browser settings for User-Agent string version.

* ForceDisabled (1) = The User-Agent string will not freeze the major version.

* ForceEnabled (2) = The User-Agent string will freeze the major version as 99 and include the browser's major version in the minor position.

Use the preceding information when configuring this policy.

## Policy options mapping:
> Use this information when configuring this policy.

- Default (0) = Default to browser settings for User-Agent string version.
- ForceDisabled (1) = The User-Agent string will not freeze the major version.
- ForceEnabled (2) = The User-Agent string will freeze the major version as 99 and include the browser's major version in the minor position.

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: No
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: Yes
- Per Profile: Yes
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: No

## Data type

- Integer

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: ForceMajorVersionToMinorPositionInUserAgent
- GP name: Enable or disable freezing the User-Agent string at major version 99 (obsolete)
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge
- GP path (Recommended): N/A
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
Default to browser settings for User-Agent string version.
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge
- Path (Recommended): N/A
- Value name: ForceMajorVersionToMinorPositionInUserAgent
- Value type: REG_DWORD

#### Example registry value

```
0x00000000
```


## Mac information and settings

- Preference Key name: ForceMajorVersionToMinorPositionInUserAgent
- Example value:

```xml
<integer>0</integer>
```

## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
