---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation GoToIntranetSiteForSingleWordEntryInAddressBar"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/01/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Force direct intranet site navigation instead of searching on single word entries in the Address Bar"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# GoToIntranetSiteForSingleWordEntryInAddressBar

## Force direct intranet site navigation instead of searching on single word entries in the Address Bar


## Supported versions

- On Windows and macOS since 78 or later

## Description

If you enable this policy, the top auto-suggest result in the address bar suggestion list will navigate to intranet sites if the text entered in the address bar is a single word without punctuation.

Default navigation when typing a single word without punctuation will conduct a navigation to an intranet site matching the entered text.

If you enable this policy, the second auto-suggest result in the address bar suggestion list will conduct a web search exactly as it was entered, provided that this text is a single word without punctuation. The default search provider will be used unless a policy to prevent web search is also enabled.

Two effects of enabling this policy are:

Navigation to sites in response to single word queries that would typically resolve to a history item will no longer happen. Instead, the browser will attempt navigate to internal sites that may not exist in an organization's intranet. This will result in a 404 error.

Popular, single-word search terms will require manual selection of search suggestions to properly conduct a search.

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: No
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: Yes
- Per Profile: No
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: Yes

## Data type

- Boolean

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: GoToIntranetSiteForSingleWordEntryInAddressBar
- GP name: Force direct intranet site navigation instead of searching on single word entries in the Address Bar
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge
- GP path (Recommended): N/A
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
Disabled
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge
- Path (Recommended): N/A
- Value name: GoToIntranetSiteForSingleWordEntryInAddressBar
- Value type: REG_DWORD

#### Example registry value

```
0x00000000
```


## Mac information and settings

- Preference Key name: GoToIntranetSiteForSingleWordEntryInAddressBar
- Example value:

```xml
<false/>
```

## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
