---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation HideFirstRunExperience"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/01/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Hide the First-run experience and splash screen"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# HideFirstRunExperience

## Hide the First-run experience and splash screen


## Supported versions

- On Windows and macOS since 80 or later

## Description

If you enable this policy, the First-run experience and the splash screen will not be shown to users when they run Microsoft Edge for the first time.

For the configuration options shown in the First Run Experience, the browser will default to the following:

-On the New Tab Page, the feed type will be set to MSN News and the layout to Inspirational.

-The user will still be automatically signed into Microsoft Edge if the Windows account is of Azure AD or MSA type.

-Sync will not be enabled by default and users will be prompted to choose whether they'd like to sync on browser startup. You can use the [ForceSync](ForceSync.md) or the [SyncDisabled](SyncDisabled.md) policy to configure sync and the sync consent prompt.

If you disable or don't configure this policy, the First-run experience and the Splash screen will be shown.

Note: The specific configuration options shown to the user in the First Run Experience, can also be managed by using other specific policies. You can use the HideFirstRunExperience policy in combination with these policies to configure a specific browser experience on your managed devices. Some of these other policies are:

-[AutoImportAtFirstRun](AutoImportAtFirstRun.md)

-[NewTabPageLocation](NewTabPageLocation.md)

-[NewTabPageSetFeedType](NewTabPageSetFeedType.md)

-[ForceSync](ForceSync.md)

-[SyncDisabled](SyncDisabled.md)

-[BrowserSignin](BrowserSignin.md)

-[NonRemovableProfileEnabled](NonRemovableProfileEnabled.md)

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: No
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: No - Requires browser restart
- Per Profile: No
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: Yes

## Data type

- Boolean

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: HideFirstRunExperience
- GP name: Hide the First-run experience and splash screen
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge
- GP path (Recommended): N/A
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
Enabled
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge
- Path (Recommended): N/A
- Value name: HideFirstRunExperience
- Value type: REG_DWORD

#### Example registry value

```
0x00000001
```


## Mac information and settings

- Preference Key name: HideFirstRunExperience
- Example value:

```xml
<true/>
```

## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
