---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation InternetExplorerIntegrationCloudSiteList"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/01/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Configure the Enterprise Mode Cloud Site List"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# InternetExplorerIntegrationCloudSiteList

## Configure the Enterprise Mode Cloud Site List


## Supported versions

- On Windows since 93 or later

## Description

The Microsoft Edge Site Lists setting in the M365 Admin Center allows you to host your site list(s) in a compliant cloud location and manage the contents of your site list(s) through the built-in experience. This setting allows you to specify which site list within the M365 Admin Center to deploy to your users. The user must be signed into Microsoft Edge with a valid work or school account. Otherwise, Microsoft Edge will not download the site list from the cloud location.

This setting is applicable only when the [InternetExplorerIntegrationLevel](InternetExplorerIntegrationLevel.md) setting is configured.

If you configure this policy, Microsoft Edge will use the specified site list. When enabled, you can enter the identifier of the site list that you created and published to the cloud in M365 Admin Center.

This setting takes precedence over Microsoft Edge's [InternetExplorerIntegrationSiteList](InternetExplorerIntegrationSiteList.md) policy as well as Internet Explorer's site list setting (Use the Enterprise mode IE website list). If you disable or don't configure this policy, Microsoft Edge will use the [InternetExplorerIntegrationSiteList](InternetExplorerIntegrationSiteList.md) policy instead.

To learn more about Internet Explorer mode, see [https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2165707](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2165707)

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: No
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: No - Requires browser restart
- Per Profile: Yes
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: Yes

## Data type

- String

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: InternetExplorerIntegrationCloudSiteList
- GP name: Configure the Enterprise Mode Cloud Site List
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge
- GP path (Recommended): N/A
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
aba95e58-070f-4784-8dcd-e5fd46c2c6d6
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge
- Path (Recommended): N/A
- Value name: InternetExplorerIntegrationCloudSiteList
- Value type: REG_SZ

#### Example registry value

```
aba95e58-070f-4784-8dcd-e5fd46c2c6d6
```


## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
