---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation InternetExplorerIntegrationCloudUserSitesReporting"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/01/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Configure reporting of IE Mode user list entries to the M365 Admin Center Site Lists app"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# InternetExplorerIntegrationCloudUserSitesReporting

## Configure reporting of IE Mode user list entries to the M365 Admin Center Site Lists app


## Supported versions

- On Windows since 99 or later

## Description

This setting lets you enable reporting of sites that Microsoft Edge users add to their local IE Mode site list. The user must be signed into Microsoft Edge with a valid work or school account for reports to be sent, and the user's account tenant must match the tenant specified by the policy.

If you configure this policy, Microsoft Edge will send a report to the M365 Admin Center Site Lists app when a user adds a site to their local IE mode site list. The report will show the URL of the site the user added, minus any query string or fragment. The user's identity isn't reported.

For this reporting to work correctly, you must have successfully visited the Microsoft Edge Site Lists app in the M365 Admin Center at least once. This activates a per-tenant storage account used to store these reports. Microsoft Edge will still attempt to send reports if this step hasn't been completed. However, the reports will not be stored in the Site Lists app.

When enabling this policy, you must specify your O365 tenant ID. To learn more about finding your O365 tenant ID, see [https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2185668](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2185668)

If you disable or don't configure this policy, Microsoft Edge will never send reports about URLs added to a user's local site list to the Site Lists app.

To learn more about Internet Explorer mode, see [https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2165707](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2165707)

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: No
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: No - Requires browser restart
- Per Profile: Yes
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: Yes

## Data type

- String

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: InternetExplorerIntegrationCloudUserSitesReporting
- GP name: Configure reporting of IE Mode user list entries to the M365 Admin Center Site Lists app
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge
- GP path (Recommended): N/A
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
aba95e58-070f-4784-8dcd-e5fd46c2c6d6
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge
- Path (Recommended): N/A
- Value name: InternetExplorerIntegrationCloudUserSitesReporting
- Value type: REG_SZ

#### Example registry value

```
aba95e58-070f-4784-8dcd-e5fd46c2c6d6
```


## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
