---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation IntensiveWakeUpThrottlingEnabled"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/01/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Control the IntensiveWakeUpThrottling feature"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# IntensiveWakeUpThrottlingEnabled

## Control the IntensiveWakeUpThrottling feature


## Supported versions

- On Windows and macOS since 85 or later

## Description

When enabled the IntensiveWakeUpThrottling feature causes Javascript timers in background tabs to be aggressively throttled and coalesced, running no more than once per minute after a page has been backgrounded for 5 minutes or more.

This is a web standards compliant feature, but it may break functionality on some websites by causing certain actions to be delayed by up to a minute. However, it results in significant CPU and battery savings when enabled. See https://bit.ly/30b1XR4 for more details.

If you enable this policy, the feature will be force enabled, and users will not be able to override this setting.
If you disable this policy, the feature will be force disabled, and users will not be able to override this setting.
If you don't configure this policy, the feature will be controlled by its own internal logic. Users can manually configure this setting.

Note that the policy is applied per renderer process, with the most recent value of the policy setting in force when a renderer process starts. A full restart is required to ensure that all the loaded tabs receive a consistent policy setting. It is harmless for processes to be running with different values of this policy.

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: No
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: Yes
- Per Profile: No
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: Yes

## Data type

- Boolean

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: IntensiveWakeUpThrottlingEnabled
- GP name: Control the IntensiveWakeUpThrottling feature
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge
- GP path (Recommended): N/A
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
Enabled
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge
- Path (Recommended): N/A
- Value name: IntensiveWakeUpThrottlingEnabled
- Value type: REG_DWORD

#### Example registry value

```
0x00000001
```


## Mac information and settings

- Preference Key name: IntensiveWakeUpThrottlingEnabled
- Example value:

```xml
<true/>
```

## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
