---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation JavaScriptJitBlockedForSites"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/08/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Block JavaScript from using JIT on these sites"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# JavaScriptJitBlockedForSites

## Block JavaScript from using JIT on these sites


## Supported versions

- On Windows and macOS since 93 or later

## Description

Allows you to set a list of site url patterns that specify sites which are not allowed to run JavaScript JIT (Just In Time) compiler enabled.

Disabling the JavaScript JIT will mean that Microsoft Edge may render web content more slowly, and may also disable parts of JavaScript including WebAssembly. Disabling the JavaScript JIT may allow Microsoft Edge to render web content in a more secure configuration.

For detailed information on valid url patterns, please see [https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2095322](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2095322). Wildcards, *, are allowed.

JavaScript JIT policy exceptions will only be enforced at a site granularity (eTLD+1). A policy set for only subdomain.contoso.com will not correctly apply to contoso.com or subdomain.contoso.com since they both resolve to the same eTLD+1 (contoso.com) for which there is no policy. In this case, policy must be set on contoso.com to apply correctly for both contoso.com and subdomain.contoso.com.

This policy applies on a frame-by-frame basis and not based on top level origin url alone, so e.g. if contoso.com is listed in the JavaScriptJitBlockedForSites policy but contoso.com loads a frame containing fabrikam.com then contoso.com will have JavaScript JIT disabled, but fabrikam.com will use the policy from [DefaultJavaScriptJitSetting](DefaultJavaScriptJitSetting.md), if set, or default to JavaScript JIT enabled.

If you don't configure this policy for a site then the policy from [DefaultJavaScriptJitSetting](DefaultJavaScriptJitSetting.md) applies to the site, if set, otherwise JavaScript JIT is enabled for the site.

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: No
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: Yes
- Per Profile: Yes
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: No

## Data type

- List of strings

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: JavaScriptJitBlockedForSites
- GP name: Block JavaScript from using JIT on these sites
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge/Content settings
- GP path (Recommended): N/A
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
[*.]example.edu
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge\JavaScriptJitBlockedForSites
- Path (Recommended): N/A
- Value name: 1, 2, 3, ...
- Value type: List of REG_SZ

#### Example registry value

SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge\JavaScriptJitBlockedForSites\1 =
```
[*.]example.edu
```




## Mac information and settings

- Preference Key name: JavaScriptJitBlockedForSites
- Example value:

```xml
<array>
  <string>[*.]example.edu</string>
</array>
```

## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
