---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation MetricsReportingEnabled"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/01/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Enable usage and crash-related data reporting (obsolete)"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# MetricsReportingEnabled

## Enable usage and crash-related data reporting (obsolete)
> OBSOLETE: This policy is obsolete and doesn't work after Microsoft Edge version 88.

## Supported versions

- On Windows and macOS since 77, until 88

## Description

This policy is no longer supported. It is replaced by [DiagnosticData](DiagnosticData.md) (for Windows 7, Windows 8, and macOS) and Allow Telemetry on Win 10 ([[https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2099569](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2099569)]([https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2099569](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2099569))).

This policy enables reporting of usage and crash-related data about Microsoft Edge to Microsoft.

Enable this policy to send reporting of usage and crash-related data to Microsoft. Disable this policy to not send the data to Microsoft. In both cases, users can't change or override the setting.

On Windows 10, if you don't configure this policy, Microsoft Edge will default to the Windows diagnostic data setting. If you enable this policy, Microsoft Edge will only send usage data if the Windows Diagnostic data setting is set to Enhanced or Full. If you disable this policy, Microsoft Edge will not send usage data. Crash-related data is sent based on the Windows Diagnostic data setting. Learn more about Windows Diagnostic data settings at [[https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2099569](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2099569)]([https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2099569](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2099569))

On Windows 7, Windows 8, and macOS, this policy controls sending usage and crash-related data. If you don't configure this policy, Microsoft Edge will default to the user's preference.

To enable this policy,[SendSiteInfoToImproveServices](SendSiteInfoToImproveServices.md) must be set to Enabled. If [MetricsReportingEnabled](MetricsReportingEnabled.md) or [SendSiteInfoToImproveServices](SendSiteInfoToImproveServices.md) is Not Configured or Disabled, this data will not be sent to Microsoft.

This policy is available only on Windows instances that are joined to a Microsoft Active Directory domain, Windows 10 Pro or Enterprise instances that enrolled for device management, or macOS instances that are that are managed via MDM or joined to a domain via MCX.

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: No
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: No - Requires browser restart
- Per Profile: No
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: Yes

## Data type

- Boolean

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: MetricsReportingEnabled
- GP name: Enable usage and crash-related data reporting (obsolete)
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge
- GP path (Recommended): N/A
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
Enabled
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge
- Path (Recommended): N/A
- Value name: MetricsReportingEnabled
- Value type: REG_DWORD

#### Example registry value

```
0x00000001
```


## Mac information and settings

- Preference Key name: MetricsReportingEnabled
- Example value:

```xml
<true/>
```

## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
