---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation NavigationDelayForInitialSiteListDownloadTimeout"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/01/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Set a timeout for delay of tab navigation for the Enterprise Mode Site List"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# NavigationDelayForInitialSiteListDownloadTimeout

## Set a timeout for delay of tab navigation for the Enterprise Mode Site List


## Supported versions

- On Windows since 84 or later

## Description

Allows you to set a timeout, in seconds, for Microsoft Edge tabs waiting to navigate until the browser has downloaded the initial Enterprise Mode Site List.

This setting works in conjunction with: [InternetExplorerIntegrationLevel](InternetExplorerIntegrationLevel.md) is set to 'IEMode' and [InternetExplorerIntegrationSiteList](InternetExplorerIntegrationSiteList.md) policy where the list has at least one entry and [DelayNavigationsForInitialSiteListDownload](DelayNavigationsForInitialSiteListDownload.md) is set to "All eligible navigations" (1).

Tabs will not wait longer than this timeout for the Enterprise Mode Site List to download. If the browser has not finished downloading the Enterprise Mode Site List when the timeout expires, Microsoft Edge tabs will continue navigating anyway. The value of the timeout should be no greater than 20 seconds and no fewer than 1 second.

If you set the timeout in this policy to a value greater than 2 seconds, an information bar is shown to the user after 2 seconds. The information bar contains a button that allows the user to quit waiting for the Enterprise Mode Site List download to complete.

If you don't configure this policy, the default timeout of 4 seconds is used. This default is subject to change in the future.

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: No
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: No - Requires browser restart
- Per Profile: Yes
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: No

## Data type

- Integer

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: NavigationDelayForInitialSiteListDownloadTimeout
- GP name: Set a timeout for delay of tab navigation for the Enterprise Mode Site List
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge
- GP path (Recommended): N/A
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
10
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge
- Path (Recommended): N/A
- Value name: NavigationDelayForInitialSiteListDownloadTimeout
- Value type: REG_DWORD

#### Example registry value

```
0x0000000a
```


## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
