---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation NewTabPageManagedQuickLinks"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/01/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Set new tab page quick links"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# NewTabPageManagedQuickLinks

## Set new tab page quick links


## Supported versions

- On Windows and macOS since 79 or later

## Description

By default, Microsoft Edge displays quick links on the new tab page from user-added shortcuts and top sites based on browsing history. With this policy, you can configure up to three quick link tiles on the new tab page, expressed as a JSON object:

[ { "url": "https://www.contoso.com", "title": "Contoso Portal", "pinned": true/false }, ... ]

The 'url' field is required; 'title' and 'pinned' are optional. If 'title' is not provided, the URL is used as the default title. If 'pinned' is not provided, the default value is false.

Microsoft Edge presents these in the order listed, from left to right, with all pinned tiles displayed ahead of non-pinned tiles.

If the policy is set as mandatory, the 'pinned' field will be ignored and all tiles will be pinned. The tiles can't be deleted by the user and will always appear at the front of the quick links list.

If the policy is set as recommended, pinned tiles will remain in the list but the user has the ability to edit and delete them. Quick link tiles that aren't pinned behave like default top sites and are pushed off the list if other websites are visited more frequently. When applying non-pinned links via this policy to an existing browser profile, the links may not appear at all, depending on how they rank compared to the user's browsing history.

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: Yes
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: No - Requires browser restart
- Per Profile: Yes
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: No

## Data type

- Dictionary

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: NewTabPageManagedQuickLinks
- GP name: Set new tab page quick links
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge/Startup, home page and new tab page
- GP path (Recommended): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge - Default Settings (users can override)/Startup, home page and new tab page
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
[{"pinned": true, "title": "Contoso Portal", "url": "https://contoso.com"}, {"title": "Fabrikam", "url": "https://fabrikam.com"}]
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge
- Path (Recommended): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge\Recommended
- Value name: NewTabPageManagedQuickLinks
- Value type: REG_SZ

#### Example registry value

```
[{"pinned": true, "title": "Contoso Portal", "url": "https://contoso.com"}, {"title": "Fabrikam", "url": "https://fabrikam.com"}]
```


#### Expanded example registry value

```
[
  {
    "pinned": true,
    "title": "Contoso Portal",
    "url": "https://contoso.com"
  },
  {
    "title": "Fabrikam",
    "url": "https://fabrikam.com"
  }
]
```

## Mac information and settings

- Preference Key name: NewTabPageManagedQuickLinks
- Example value:

```xml
<key>NewTabPageManagedQuickLinks</key>
<array>
  <dict>
    <key>pinned</key>
    <true/>
    <key>title</key>
    <string>Contoso Portal</string>
    <key>url</key>
    <string>https://contoso.com</string>
  </dict>
  <dict>
    <key>title</key>
    <string>Fabrikam</string>
    <key>url</key>
    <string>https://fabrikam.com</string>
  </dict>
</array>
```

## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
