---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation NonRemovableProfileEnabled"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/01/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Configure whether a user always has a default profile automatically signed in with their work or school account"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# NonRemovableProfileEnabled

## Configure whether a user always has a default profile automatically signed in with their work or school account


## Supported versions

- On Windows since 78 or later

## Description

This policy determines if a user can remove the Microsoft Edge profile automatically signed in with a user's work or school account.

If you enable this policy, a non-removable profile will be created with the user's work or school account on Windows. This profile can't be signed out or removed. The profile will be non-removable only if profile is signed-in with either on-premises account or Azure AD account that matches OS sign-in account.

If you disable or don't configure this policy, the profile automatically signed in with a user's work or school account on Windows can be signed out or removed by the user.

If you want to configure browser sign in, use the [BrowserSignin](BrowserSignin.md) policy.

This policy is available only on Windows instances that are joined to a Microsoft Active Directory domain, Windows 10 Pro or Enterprise instances that enrolled for device management.

From Microsoft Edge 89 onwards, if there is an existing on-premises profile with sync disabled and machine is hybrid joined, it will auto-upgrade the on-premises profile to Azure AD profile and make it non-removable instead of creating a new non-removable Azure AD profile.

From Microsoft Edge 93 onwards, if policy [ImplicitSignInEnabled](ImplicitSignInEnabled.md) is disabled, this policy will not take any effect.

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: No
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: Yes
- Per Profile: No
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: Yes

## Data type

- Boolean

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: NonRemovableProfileEnabled
- GP name: Configure whether a user always has a default profile automatically signed in with their work or school account
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge
- GP path (Recommended): N/A
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
Enabled
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge
- Path (Recommended): N/A
- Value name: NonRemovableProfileEnabled
- Value type: REG_DWORD

#### Example registry value

```
0x00000001
```


## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
