---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation PdfViewerOutOfProcessIframeEnabled"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/01/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Use out-of-process iframe PDF Viewer"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# PdfViewerOutOfProcessIframeEnabled

## Use out-of-process iframe PDF Viewer


## Supported versions

- On Windows and macOS since 133 or later

## Description

Determines whether the PDF viewer in Microsoft Edge uses an out-of-process iframe (OOPIF).
This will be the new PDF viewer architecture going forward, as it is simpler in design and makes adding new features easier. The current GuestView PDF viewer, which relies on an outdated and overly complex architecture, is being deprecated.

When this policy is set to Enabled or not set, Microsoft Edge will use the OOPIF PDF viewer architecture. Once Enabled or not set, the default behavior will be decided by Microsoft Edge.

When this policy is set to Disabled, Microsoft Edge will strictly use the existing GuestView PDF viewer. This approach embeds a web page with its own separate frame tree into another web page.

This policy will be removed in the future, after the OOPIF PDF viewer feature has fully rolled out.

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: No
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: No - Requires browser restart
- Per Profile: Yes
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: No

## Data type

- Boolean

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: PdfViewerOutOfProcessIframeEnabled
- GP name: Use out-of-process iframe PDF Viewer
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge
- GP path (Recommended): N/A
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
Enabled
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge
- Path (Recommended): N/A
- Value name: PdfViewerOutOfProcessIframeEnabled
- Value type: REG_DWORD

#### Example registry value

```
0x00000001
```


## Mac information and settings

- Preference Key name: PdfViewerOutOfProcessIframeEnabled
- Example value:

```xml
<true/>
```

## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
