---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation RedirectSitesFromInternetExplorerRedirectMode"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/01/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Redirect incompatible sites from Internet Explorer to Microsoft Edge"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# RedirectSitesFromInternetExplorerRedirectMode

## Redirect incompatible sites from Internet Explorer to Microsoft Edge


## Supported versions

- On Windows since 87 or later

## Description

This setting lets you specify whether Internet Explorer will redirect navigations to sites that require a modern browser to Microsoft Edge.
If you set this policy to 'Disable' ('Prevent redirection', value 0), Internet Explorer will not redirect any traffic to Microsoft Edge.

If you set this policy to 'Sitelist', starting with Microsoft Edge major release 87 , Internet Explorer (IE) will redirect sites that require a modern browser to Microsoft Edge. (Note: The Sitelist setting is 'Redirect sites based on the incompatible sites sitelist', value 1).

When a site is redirected from Internet Explorer to Microsoft Edge, the Internet Explorer tab that started loading the site is closed if it had no prior content. Otherwise, the user is taken to a Microsoft help page that explains why the site was redirected to Microsoft Edge. When Microsoft Edge is launched to load an IE site, an information bar explains that the site works best in a modern browser.

If you want to redirect all navigations, you can configure the Disable Internet Explorer 11 policy, which redirects all navigations from IE11 to Microsoft Edge. It also hides the IE11 app icon from the user after the first launch.

If don't configure this policy:
  - Starting with Microsoft Edge major release 87, you will have the same experience as setting the policy to 'Sitelist': Internet Explorer will redirect sites that require a modern browser to Microsoft Edge.
  - In the future, the default for your organization might change to automatically redirect all navigations. If you don't want automatic redirection, set this policy to 'Disable' or 'Sitelist'.

For more information about this policy see  [https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2141715](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2141715)

Policy options mapping:

* Disable (0) = Prevent redirection

* Sitelist (1) = Redirect sites based on the incompatible sites sitelist

Use the preceding information when configuring this policy.

## Policy options mapping:
> Use this information when configuring this policy.

- Disable (0) = Prevent redirection
- Sitelist (1) = Redirect sites based on the incompatible sites sitelist

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: Yes
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: No - Requires browser restart
- Per Profile: No
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: Yes

## Data type

- Integer

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: RedirectSitesFromInternetExplorerRedirectMode
- GP name: Redirect incompatible sites from Internet Explorer to Microsoft Edge
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge
- GP path (Recommended): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge - Default Settings (users can override)
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
Redirect sites based on the incompatible sites sitelist
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge
- Path (Recommended): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge\Recommended
- Value name: RedirectSitesFromInternetExplorerRedirectMode
- Value type: REG_DWORD

#### Example registry value

```
0x00000001
```


## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
