---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation RelaunchNotification"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/01/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Notify a user that a browser restart is recommended or required for pending updates"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# RelaunchNotification

## Notify a user that a browser restart is recommended or required for pending updates


## Supported versions

- On Windows and macOS since 77 or later

## Description

Notify users that they need to restart Microsoft Edge to apply a pending update.

If you don't configure this policy, Microsoft Edge adds a recycle icon at the far right of the top menu bar to prompt users to restart the browser to apply the update.

If you enable this policy and set it to 'Recommended', a recurring warning prompts users that a restart is recommended. Users can dismiss this warning and defer the restart.

If you set the policy to 'Required', a recurring warning prompts users that the browser will be restarted automatically as soon as a notification period passes. The default period is seven days. You can configure this period with the [RelaunchNotificationPeriod](RelaunchNotificationPeriod.md) policy.

The user's session is restored when the browser restarts.

Policy options mapping:

* Recommended (1) = Recommended - Show a recurring prompt to the user indicating that a restart is recommended

* Required (2) = Required - Show a recurring prompt to the user indicating that a restart is required

Use the preceding information when configuring this policy.

## Policy options mapping:
> Use this information when configuring this policy.

- Recommended (1) = Recommended - Show a recurring prompt to the user indicating that a restart is recommended
- Required (2) = Required - Show a recurring prompt to the user indicating that a restart is required

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: No
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: Yes
- Per Profile: No
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: Yes

## Data type

- Integer

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: RelaunchNotification
- GP name: Notify a user that a browser restart is recommended or required for pending updates
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge
- GP path (Recommended): N/A
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
Recommended - Show a recurring prompt to the user indicating that a restart is recommended
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge
- Path (Recommended): N/A
- Value name: RelaunchNotification
- Value type: REG_DWORD

#### Example registry value

```
0x00000001
```


## Mac information and settings

- Preference Key name: RelaunchNotification
- Example value:

```xml
<integer>1</integer>
```

## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
