---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation ResolveNavigationErrorsUseWebService"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/01/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Enable resolution of navigation errors using a web service"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# ResolveNavigationErrorsUseWebService

## Enable resolution of navigation errors using a web service


## Supported versions

- On Windows and macOS since 77 or later

## Description

Allow Microsoft Edge to issue a dataless connection to a web service to probe networks for connectivity in cases like hotel and airport Wi-Fi.

If you enable this policy, a web service is used for network connectivity tests.

If you disable this policy, Microsoft Edge uses native APIs to try to resolve network connectivity and navigation issues.

**Note**: Except on Windows 8 and later versions of Windows, Microsoft Edge *always* uses native APIs to resolve connectivity issues.

If you don't configure this policy, Microsoft Edge respects the user preference that's set under Services at edge://settings/privacy.
Specifically, there's a **Use a web service to help resolve navigation errors** toggle, which the user can switch on or off. Be aware that if you have enabled this policy (ResolveNavigationErrorsUseWebService), the **Use a web service to help resolve navigation errors** setting is turned on, but the user can't change the setting by using the toggle. If you have disabled this policy, the **Use a web service to help resolve navigation errors** setting is turned off, and the user can't change the setting by using the toggle.

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: Yes
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: Yes
- Per Profile: Yes
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: No

## Data type

- Boolean

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: ResolveNavigationErrorsUseWebService
- GP name: Enable resolution of navigation errors using a web service
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge
- GP path (Recommended): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge - Default Settings (users can override)
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
Enabled
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge
- Path (Recommended): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge\Recommended
- Value name: ResolveNavigationErrorsUseWebService
- Value type: REG_DWORD

#### Example registry value

```
0x00000001
```


## Mac information and settings

- Preference Key name: ResolveNavigationErrorsUseWebService
- Example value:

```xml
<true/>
```

## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
