---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation SendMouseEventsDisabledFormControlsEnabled"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/01/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Control the new behavior for event dispatching on disabled form controls (obsolete)"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# SendMouseEventsDisabledFormControlsEnabled

## Control the new behavior for event dispatching on disabled form controls (obsolete)
> OBSOLETE: This policy is obsolete and doesn't work after Microsoft Edge version 120.

## Supported versions

- On Windows and macOS since 109, until 120

## Description

Event dispatching on disabled form controls is being changed in Edge to improve compatibility with other browsers and to improve the developer experience.

With this change, MouseEvents get dispatched on disabled form control elements. Exceptions for this behavior are click, mouseup, and mousedown. Some examples of the new events are mousemove, mouseenter, and mouseleave.

This change also truncates the event path of click, mouseup, and mousedown when they’re dispatched on children of disabled form controls. These events aren’t dispatched on the disabled form control or any of its ancestors.

Note: This new behavior might break some websites.

If this policy is enabled or left not set, the new behavior will be used.

If this policy is disabled, the old behavior will be used.

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: No
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: Yes
- Per Profile: Yes
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: No

## Data type

- Boolean

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: SendMouseEventsDisabledFormControlsEnabled
- GP name: Control the new behavior for event dispatching on disabled form controls (obsolete)
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge
- GP path (Recommended): N/A
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
Enabled
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge
- Path (Recommended): N/A
- Value name: SendMouseEventsDisabledFormControlsEnabled
- Value type: REG_DWORD

#### Example registry value

```
0x00000001
```


## Mac information and settings

- Preference Key name: SendMouseEventsDisabledFormControlsEnabled
- Example value:

```xml
<true/>
```

## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
