---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation SetTimeoutWithout1MsClampEnabled"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/01/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Control Javascript setTimeout() function minimum timeout (obsolete)"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# SetTimeoutWithout1MsClampEnabled

## Control Javascript setTimeout() function minimum timeout (obsolete)
> OBSOLETE: This policy is obsolete and doesn't work after Microsoft Edge version 109.

## Supported versions

- On Windows and macOS since 101, until 109

## Description

This policy is obsolete and doesn't work in Microsoft Edge after version 109.
This policy was only provided temporarily to allow Enterprises to adapt to the new clamping behavior.

   When the policy is set to Enabled, the Javascript setTimeout() with a timeout of 0ms will no longer be fixed to 1ms to schedule timer-based callbacks.
   When the policy is set to Disabled, the Javascript setTimeout() with a timeout of 0ms will be fixed to 1ms to schedule timer-based callbacks.
   When the policy is unset, use the browser's default behavior for setTimeout() function.

   This is a web standards compliancy feature, but it may change task ordering on a web page, leading to unexpected behavior on sites that are dependent on a certain ordering.
   It also may affect sites with a lot of setTimeout()s with a timeout of 0ms usage. For example, increasing CPU load.

   For users where this policy is unset, Microsoft Edge Stable will roll out the change gradually on the stable channel.

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: No
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: Yes
- Per Profile: Yes
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: No

## Data type

- Boolean

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: SetTimeoutWithout1MsClampEnabled
- GP name: Control Javascript setTimeout() function minimum timeout (obsolete)
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge
- GP path (Recommended): N/A
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
Enabled
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge
- Path (Recommended): N/A
- Value name: SetTimeoutWithout1MsClampEnabled
- Value type: REG_DWORD

#### Example registry value

```
0x00000001
```


## Mac information and settings

- Preference Key name: SetTimeoutWithout1MsClampEnabled
- Example value:

```xml
<true/>
```

## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
