---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation ShadowStackCrashRollbackBehavior"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/01/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Configure ShadowStack crash rollback behavior (obsolete)"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# ShadowStackCrashRollbackBehavior

## Configure ShadowStack crash rollback behavior (obsolete)
> OBSOLETE: This policy is obsolete and doesn't work after Microsoft Edge version 109.

## Supported versions

- On Windows since 95, until 109

## Description

This policy is deprecated because it's intended to serve only as a short-term mechanism to give enterprises more time to update their environments and report issues if they are found to be incompatible with Hardware-enforced Stack Protection. It won't work in Microsoft Edge as soon as version 109.

Microsoft Edge includes a Hardware-enforced Stack Protection security feature. This feature may result in the browser crashing unexpectedly in cases that do not represent an attempt to compromise the browser's security.

Using this policy, you may control the behavior of the Hardware-enforced Stack Protection feature after a crash triggered by this feature is encountered.

Set this policy to 'Disable' to disable the feature.

Set this policy to 'DisableUntilUpdate' to disable the feature until Microsoft Edge updates next time.

Set this policy to 'Enable' to keep the feature enabled.

Policy options mapping:

* Disable (0) = Disable Hardware-enforced Stack Protection

* DisableUntilUpdate (1) = Disable Hardware-enforced Stack Protection until the next Microsoft Edge update

* Enable (2) = Enable Hardware-enforced Stack Protection

Use the preceding information when configuring this policy.

## Policy options mapping:
> Use this information when configuring this policy.

- Disable (0) = Disable Hardware-enforced Stack Protection
- DisableUntilUpdate (1) = Disable Hardware-enforced Stack Protection until the next Microsoft Edge update
- Enable (2) = Enable Hardware-enforced Stack Protection

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: No
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: Yes
- Per Profile: No
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: Yes

## Data type

- Integer

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: ShadowStackCrashRollbackBehavior
- GP name: Configure ShadowStack crash rollback behavior (obsolete)
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge
- GP path (Recommended): N/A
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
Disable Hardware-enforced Stack Protection
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge
- Path (Recommended): N/A
- Value name: ShadowStackCrashRollbackBehavior
- Value type: REG_DWORD

#### Example registry value

```
0x00000000
```


## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
