---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation ShowRecommendationsEnabled"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/01/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Allow feature recommendations and browser assistance notifications from Microsoft Edge"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# ShowRecommendationsEnabled

## Allow feature recommendations and browser assistance notifications from Microsoft Edge


## Supported versions

- On Windows and macOS since 89 or later

## Description

This setting controls the in-browser assistance notifications which are intended to help users get the most out of Microsoft Edge. This is done by recommending features and by helping them use  browser features. These notifications take the form of dialog boxes, flyouts, coach marks and banners in the browser.  An example of an  assistance notification would be when a user has many tabs opened in the browser.  In this instance Microsoft Edge may prompt the user to try out the vertical tabs feature which is designed to give better browser tab management.

Disabling this policy will stop this message from appearing again even if the user has too many tabs open.
      Any features that have been disabled by a management policy are not suggested to users.
If you enable or don't configure this setting, users will receive recommendations or notifications from Microsoft Edge.
      If you disable this setting, users will not receive any recommendations or notifications from Microsoft Edge

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: No
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: Yes
- Per Profile: Yes
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: No

## Data type

- Boolean

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: ShowRecommendationsEnabled
- GP name: Allow feature recommendations and browser assistance notifications from Microsoft Edge
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge
- GP path (Recommended): N/A
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
Enabled
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge
- Path (Recommended): N/A
- Value name: ShowRecommendationsEnabled
- Value type: REG_DWORD

#### Example registry value

```
0x00000001
```


## Mac information and settings

- Preference Key name: ShowRecommendationsEnabled
- Example value:

```xml
<true/>
```

## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
