---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation SmartActionsBlockList"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/08/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Block smart actions for a list of services"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# SmartActionsBlockList

## Block smart actions for a list of services


## Supported versions

- On Windows and macOS since 89 or later

## Description

List specific services, such as PDFs, and websites that don't show smart actions. (Smart actions are actions like "define" which are available in full and mini context menus in Microsoft Edge.)

If you enable the policy:
   - The smart action in the mini and full context menu will be disabled for all profiles for services that match the given list.
   - Users will not see the smart action in the mini and full context menu on text selection for services that match the given list.
   - In Microsoft Edge settings, the smart action in the mini and full context menu will be disabled for services that match the given list.

If you disable or don't configure this policy:
   - The smart action in the mini and full context menu will be enabled for all profiles.
   - Users will see the smart action in the mini and full context menu on text selection.
   - In Microsoft Edge settings, the smart action in the mini and full context menu will be enabled.

Policy options mapping:

* smart_actions (smart_actions) = Smart actions in pdfs and on websites

* smart_actions_website (smart_actions_website) = Smart actions on websites

* smart_actions_pdf (smart_actions_pdf) = Smart actions in PDF

Use the preceding information when configuring this policy.

## Policy options mapping:
> Use this information when configuring this policy.

- smart_actions = Smart actions in pdfs and on websites
- smart_actions_website = Smart actions on websites
- smart_actions_pdf = Smart actions in PDF

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: Yes
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: Yes
- Per Profile: Yes
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: No

## Data type

- List of strings

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: SmartActionsBlockList
- GP name: Block smart actions for a list of services
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge
- GP path (Recommended): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge - Default Settings (users can override)
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
Smart actions in pdfs and on websites
```

```
Smart actions on websites
```

```
Smart actions in PDF
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge\SmartActionsBlockList
- Path (Recommended): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge\Recommended\SmartActionsBlockList
- Value name: 1, 2, 3, ...
- Value type: List of REG_SZ

#### Example registry value

SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge\SmartActionsBlockList\1 =
```
smart_actions
```

SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge\SmartActionsBlockList\2 =
```
smart_actions_website
```

SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge\SmartActionsBlockList\3 =
```
smart_actions_pdf
```




## Mac information and settings

- Preference Key name: SmartActionsBlockList
- Example value:

```xml
<array>
  <string>smart_actions</string>
  <string>smart_actions_website</string>
  <string>smart_actions_pdf</string>
</array>
```

## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
