---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation SSLVersionMin"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/01/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Minimum TLS version enabled (obsolete)"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# SSLVersionMin

## Minimum TLS version enabled (obsolete)
> OBSOLETE: This policy is obsolete and doesn't work after Microsoft Edge version 97.

## Supported versions

- On Windows and macOS since 77, until 97

## Description

This policy was removed in Microsoft Edge 98 and is ignored if configured.
Sets the minimum supported version of TLS.

If you set this policy to 'tls1.2', Microsoft Edge will show an error for TLS 1.0 and TLS 1.1 and the user will not be able to bypass the error.

If you don't configure this policy, Microsoft Edge will still show an error for TLS 1.0 and TLS 1.1 but the user will be able to bypass it.

Support for suppressing the TLS 1.0/1.1 warning was removed from Microsoft Edge starting in version 91. The 'tls1' and 'tls1.1' values are no longer supported.

Policy options mapping:

* TLSv1 (tls1) = TLS 1.0

* TLSv1.1 (tls1.1) = TLS 1.1

* TLSv1.2 (tls1.2) = TLS 1.2

Use the preceding information when configuring this policy.

## Policy options mapping:
> Use this information when configuring this policy.

- TLSv1 (tls1) = TLS 1.0
- TLSv1.1 (tls1.1) = TLS 1.1
- TLSv1.2 (tls1.2) = TLS 1.2

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: No
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: Yes
- Per Profile: No
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: Yes

## Data type

- String

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: SSLVersionMin
- GP name: Minimum TLS version enabled (obsolete)
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge
- GP path (Recommended): N/A
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
TLS 1.0
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge
- Path (Recommended): N/A
- Value name: SSLVersionMin
- Value type: REG_SZ

#### Example registry value

```
tls1
```


## Mac information and settings

- Preference Key name: SSLVersionMin
- Example value:

```xml
<string>tls1</string>
```

## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
