---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation TLSCipherSuiteDenyList"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/08/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Specify the TLS cipher suites to disable"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# TLSCipherSuiteDenyList

## Specify the TLS cipher suites to disable


## Supported versions

- On Windows and macOS since 85 or later

## Description

Configure the list of cipher suites that are disabled for TLS connections.

If you configure this policy, the list of configured cipher suites will not be used when establishing TLS connections.

If you don't configure this policy, the browser will choose which TLS cipher suites to use.

Cipher suite values to be disabled are specified as 16-bit hexadecimal values. The values are assigned by the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA) registry.

The TLS 1.3 cipher suite TLS_AES_128_GCM_SHA256 (0x1301) is required for TLS 1.3 and can't be disabled by this policy.

This policy does not affect QUIC-based connections. QUIC can be turned off via the [QuicAllowed](QuicAllowed.md) policy.

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: No
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: Yes
- Per Profile: No
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: Yes

## Data type

- List of strings

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: TLSCipherSuiteDenyList
- GP name: Specify the TLS cipher suites to disable
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge
- GP path (Recommended): N/A
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
0x1303
```

```
0xcca8
```

```
0xcca9
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge\TLSCipherSuiteDenyList
- Path (Recommended): N/A
- Value name: 1, 2, 3, ...
- Value type: List of REG_SZ

#### Example registry value

SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge\TLSCipherSuiteDenyList\1 =
```
0x1303
```

SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge\TLSCipherSuiteDenyList\2 =
```
0xcca8
```

SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge\TLSCipherSuiteDenyList\3 =
```
0xcca9
```




## Mac information and settings

- Preference Key name: TLSCipherSuiteDenyList
- Example value:

```xml
<array>
  <string>0x1303</string>
  <string>0xcca8</string>
  <string>0xcca9</string>
</array>
```

## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
