---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation URLAllowlist"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/08/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Define a list of allowed URLs"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# URLAllowlist

## Define a list of allowed URLs


## Supported versions

- On Windows and macOS since 77 or later

## Description

Setting the policy provides access to the listed URLs, as exceptions to [URLBlocklist](URLBlocklist.md).

Format the URL pattern according to [https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2095322](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2095322).

You can use this policy to open exceptions to restrictive block lists. For example, you can include '\*' in the block list to block all requests, and then use this policy to allow access to a limited list of URLs. You can use this policy to open exceptions to certain schemes, subdomains of other domains, ports, or specific paths.

The most specific filter determines if a URL is blocked or allowed. The allowed list takes precedence over the block list.

This policy is limited to 1000 entries; subsequent entries are ignored.

This policy also allows the browser to automatically invoke external applications registered as protocol handlers for protocols like "tel:" or "ssh:".

If you don't configure this policy, there are no exceptions to the block list in the [URLBlocklist](URLBlocklist.md) policy.

This policy does not work as expected with file://* wildcards.

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: No
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: Yes
- Per Profile: Yes
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: No

## Data type

- List of strings

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: URLAllowlist
- GP name: Define a list of allowed URLs
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge
- GP path (Recommended): N/A
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
contoso.com
```

```
https://ssl.server.com
```

```
hosting.com/good_path
```

```
https://server:8080/path
```

```
.exact.hostname.com
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge\URLAllowlist
- Path (Recommended): N/A
- Value name: 1, 2, 3, ...
- Value type: List of REG_SZ

#### Example registry value

SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge\URLAllowlist\1 =
```
contoso.com
```

SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge\URLAllowlist\2 =
```
https://ssl.server.com
```

SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge\URLAllowlist\3 =
```
hosting.com/good_path
```

SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge\URLAllowlist\4 =
```
https://server:8080/path
```

SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge\URLAllowlist\5 =
```
.exact.hostname.com
```




## Mac information and settings

- Preference Key name: URLAllowlist
- Example value:

```xml
<array>
  <string>contoso.com</string>
  <string>https://ssl.server.com</string>
  <string>hosting.com/good_path</string>
  <string>https://server:8080/path</string>
  <string>.exact.hostname.com</string>
</array>
```

## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
