---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation URLBlocklist"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/08/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Block access to a list of URLs"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# URLBlocklist

## Block access to a list of URLs


## Supported versions

- On Windows and macOS since 77 or later

## Description

Define a list of sites, based on URL patterns, that are blocked (your users can't load them).

Format the URL pattern according to [https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2095322](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2095322).

You can define exceptions in the [URLAllowlist](URLAllowlist.md) policy. These policies are limited to 1000 entries; subsequent entries are ignored.

Note that blocking internal 'edge://*' URLs isn't recommended - this may lead to unexpected errors.

This policy doesn't prevent the page from updating dynamically through JavaScript. For example, if you block 'contoso.com/abc', users might still be able to visit 'contoso.com' and click on a link to visit 'contoso.com/abc', as long as the page doesn't refresh.

If you don't configure this policy, no URLs are blocked.

This policy does not work as expected with file://* wildcards.

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: No
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: Yes
- Per Profile: Yes
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: No

## Data type

- List of strings

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: URLBlocklist
- GP name: Block access to a list of URLs
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge
- GP path (Recommended): N/A
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
contoso.com
```

```
https://ssl.server.com
```

```
hosting.com/bad_path
```

```
https://server:8080/path
```

```
.exact.hostname.com
```

```
custom_scheme:*
```

```
*
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge\URLBlocklist
- Path (Recommended): N/A
- Value name: 1, 2, 3, ...
- Value type: List of REG_SZ

#### Example registry value

SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge\URLBlocklist\1 =
```
contoso.com
```

SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge\URLBlocklist\2 =
```
https://ssl.server.com
```

SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge\URLBlocklist\3 =
```
hosting.com/bad_path
```

SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge\URLBlocklist\4 =
```
https://server:8080/path
```

SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge\URLBlocklist\5 =
```
.exact.hostname.com
```

SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge\URLBlocklist\6 =
```
custom_scheme:*
```

SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge\URLBlocklist\7 =
```
*
```




## Mac information and settings

- Preference Key name: URLBlocklist
- Example value:

```xml
<array>
  <string>contoso.com</string>
  <string>https://ssl.server.com</string>
  <string>hosting.com/bad_path</string>
  <string>https://server:8080/path</string>
  <string>.exact.hostname.com</string>
  <string>custom_scheme:*</string>
  <string>*</string>
</array>
```

## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
