---
title: "Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation WebWidgetIsEnabledOnStartup"
ms.author: jalam
author: vmliramichael
manager: nuyunzhang
ms.date: 05/01/2025
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
ms.custom:
description: "Windows and Mac documentation for supported Microsoft Edge Browser policy: Allow the Search bar at Windows startup (obsolete)"
---

<!--THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. MANUAL CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN.-->
<!--Please contact the Microsoft Edge Manageability team with any questions.-->

# WebWidgetIsEnabledOnStartup

## Allow the Search bar at Windows startup (obsolete)
> OBSOLETE: This policy is obsolete and doesn't work after Microsoft Edge version 119.

## Supported versions

- On Windows since 88, until 119

## Description

This policy is obsolete due to the deprecation of the Web widget, which is now known as Edge search bar. Admins should use SearchbarIsEnabledOnStartup for Edge search bar instead. Allows the Search bar to start running at Windows startup.

If you enable this policy the Search bar will start running at Windows startup by default. If the Search bar is disabled via [WebWidgetAllowed](WebWidgetAllowed.md) policy, this policy will not start the Search bar on Windows startup.

If you disable this policy, the Search bar will not start at Windows startup for all profiles. The option to start the Edge search bar at Windows startup will be disabled and toggled off in Microsoft Edge settings.

If you don't configure this policy, the Search bar will not start at Windows startup for all profiles. The option to start the Edge search bar at Windows startup will be toggled off in Microsoft Edge settings.

## Supported features

- Can be mandatory: Yes
- Can be recommended: No
- Dynamic Policy Refresh: No - Requires browser restart
- Per Profile: No
- Applies to a profile that is signed in with a Microsoft account: Yes

## Data type

- Boolean

## Windows information and settings

### Group Policy (ADMX) info

- GP unique name: WebWidgetIsEnabledOnStartup
- GP name: Allow the Search bar at Windows startup (obsolete)
- GP path (Mandatory): Administrative Templates/Microsoft Edge
- GP path (Recommended): N/A
- GP ADMX file name: MSEdge.admx

#### Example value

```
Enabled
```

### Registry settings

- Path (Mandatory): SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge
- Path (Recommended): N/A
- Value name: WebWidgetIsEnabledOnStartup
- Value type: REG_DWORD

#### Example registry value

```
0x00000001
```


## See also
- [Microsoft Edge - Policies](../microsoft-edge-policies.md)
